I'm sorry. I'm streaming now. We've started streaming
Hello, if anybody's watching yet. Hello
There we go. Okay. I'm gonna play this dog beat
It's a double stream. It's a two-day stream
To a day stream there. This is the beat we had earlier and I got it. Let's use it again
Well, I set things up
The dogs are indeed hunting Travis
The dogs are out
Honestly, dude, I'm on that Hulk 24-7. Let us fucking bark
Update all today. I'm going no coil head mods
base coil heads
I'm feeling alpha as F
Lady all the tricks good to see you
We're gonna get going in just a sec. I gotta make a lobby so Kendall's gonna
Talk to fancy in it
This music is strange to rap over but even weirder to me to just have playing the vibe on the stream is strange
Okay, I can hear myself
Line
And we'll just turn this guy down. We'll turn him down there. I'm hosting. I don't know which
We'll just say we're using this
CV loves you good to see ya. I'm gonna put you guys
in my monitor
Let's see
Restream
Turn on all the funny mods. Oh, I should I said I turn on the sonic one. I'll quit out and turn well
It's so annoying though. It's so loud. It's too late. They're already in here. I'm so sorry. See if you
I want it. I want to turn on the dog mod for you, but it's just so aggressive
I mean the sonic mod the most aggressive mod in the business if anybody wants to play
I'm gonna throw my little code in chat
I don't know. Okay. I got a question for you. What's that?
When Kendall sends me a message that says case wants to know if you play later all in caps
Mm-hmm, is she actually asking for you or she asked for herself to play but using your name?
No, for me
I'm always like can fancy play and then I usually say I need to become discord friends with fancy so I can
Just message him myself, but I still have
You can literally just respond to me
I remember
You sent me yours unless it was a Pizza Hut member
No, I must have just forgotten
Hmm, did I save you? Are you Floyd's barbershop by any chance?
No, there it is. Okay, I did I literally saved it
I
Just know how Kendall is and she would easily use your name to ask me to play. No, I request you by name
You know, I'm not here to sugar people's feelings anymore
That's how that's that's her new thing she's brutally honest
Bruiser Saint George
Listen, you could ask case well, actually you're right. I've known you longer
What I was gonna say doesn't matter
I'm gonna say I've been brutally honest for a long time
I think my main complaint from people is that my sister and I are like
Too honest and then we like to say it's cuz we live in New York
I don't think I've ever complained about that
You have I've said you're mean
Oh
We like your favorite person is dreaming
Your favorite person is dreaming
Can't bring that in here
Now everybody's gonna wonder that
I feel like everyone in that in LA is like sugarcoats things a little too much, you know, hmm. Yeah
But like hurt feelings
Yeah, that's LA's fault you're right
I mean, I and then everyone in Arizona. I
Don't know. I'd never really talked to anyone
But I mean, I know everyone in Florida
Talked to you as if they were right the entire time and then in New York
They just tell you to fucking move, you know, hmm
And LA they're like, please they just get through there. Thank you so much, which is me to I do that
You do the kind person
Get to a stranger to a friend. Oh, I'm like, yo bitch move
Bitch, I'm trying to get to the pickles. Did you did you watch that clip by something good?
You sent me a clip
It was Kendall on your stream while you're getting the news. She's telling everybody the cyber bully me in chat. Oh, oh, yeah
That was it was a good handle
And face was just very
Dude, Nathan would love that Nathan would love everyone's cyber
All right, I think from what I can tell this is the crew we got for now if anybody wants to join
Just throw it in the chat. You can join anytime. We're in space. I
We might lose brutally with only three people we'll find out
Where's that?
We have three people
Two of us are great
One of us is not y'all can choose. Oh, definitely. I'm eating funyuns
Even you eating funyuns is significantly better than me
Can you find someone to cover my shovel shift tonight Amir will try to I
Don't know if anybody can shovel like you just text
Okay, I'm gonna land us. No say we go for it. I'm texting him and you at the same time. We're going in
We're going in. We actually already made quota. So all we have to do is not all die
We have money two dollars. We do have a toilet. Do you text?
I
Feel like I sometimes I feel like I'm bugging people though if I'm I asked too much
Okay, that's not acceptable, but that's fine
We're at Ren
I'm going in
Teamwork
Teamwork I scream as I sprint into the mists
Well, you know, you maybe you feel a certain level of pressure if someone asked you like
They'll catch up. They'll probably somehow already be in here. Okay, host ways up. Maybe we're later
I actually didn't text fee, but I think she's usually doing stuff
Already
How did it find us so quickly
Oh, he's waiting for it. Do you want to wait for it? Oh, I hear it
Yeah
I don't know. Well, you can't get off the bookcases is the problem
Okay, it's coming it's coming
Maybe
Hey guys, there's a there's a oh we got a
Oh
Kendall's waiting for it. She might not make it
I don't know how long it takes to reset
There's a say it should be reset already. Okay, I'll go check
Exterminate. Oh my god. It's so bad in here today. I still hear it. I'll look at it if you want to look around
Is that a fireplace or is that the
Exterminator you're more than welcome to join. I suspect we will be back in the ship soon because this place
Really wants to murder us today. That's I immediately get hit by this thing. Dude. There's a nutcracker, too
Jesus
Yeah, I really can't stop streaming today. I
Forgot that if you're go behind a pole. Oh, what's up? I think you just killed Kendall
No
Why are you teleporting her?
Cuz it looked like she was about to die
I'm gonna go get whatever item you had and mine
Okay, yeah, I too only okay. I did bring back there at the front door, right?
They're like
Still inside though. Yeah, I'll see if I die. Oh wait. They might be outside. Yeah, I'll go check
What was it? Wait, it was mad people
Fancy was so concerned for us. I almost feel touched
Currently there's a sandworm
So I probably will die
Playing cautiously is smarter because we did already get a bunch of money
But I'll okay
Is the flashlight worth it?
Probably not. I'll just decide it's not worth it. Oh, I swear. How do you avoid those?
I don't get it. Oh Nathan went back for it. Well, the items are gone now
Maybe I don't need to run. I guess maybe I need to run to the side
Yeah, rip around
Yeah, I guess not
Yeah, I mean I figured the noisy robot would attract it, but you're supposed to if you change directions
The idea is you're supposed to be able to survive
Anyway, Nathan's carrying
Although he might be carrying these items to his own funeral
Wow
To his death
I think it's down there
Let's check on the enemy perspective
Oh, yeah, look
He's right up there
Oh, there's two
There's two and they're right next to each other
Yeah, but Pito, um
Possessed me for just a moment. Are they still down there? Oh, they're right at the bottom of these stairs. I think
Oh, I'm ready to find the fireworks
Um, is Kendall mad at you?
I'll ask her on the ship
Do you make yourself sound like a ghost with your voice changing make it like a creepy whisper noise to freak people out
Um
So it's not as extreme
Too spooky, yeah
Mouth dog
Uh-oh, it's near the ship
Oh, no, uh-oh, we're about to lose it all
I literally can't see anything. I think he's in the wrong spot. There's no light
I have light if only this worked for him
It is so dark
So you did you have to leave the ship?
Yeah
Oh, he's going the wrong way. He needs to go past us into the right. Oh, he figured it out
All right, if he makes it
You know, I thought the worm didn't didn't know you're there if you're crawling
I think it does. I think it just
I think the only way to avoid it is to, um, dodge it. I don't really get how you dodge it either
Honestly, I didn't run in time
Shit, I think Nathan doesn't have any idea where to go
He needs to go that way
Wow without my flash plate weird
Spectator hack it's impossible to tell where you are. I have why?
Where's this Leviathan?
Oh man, it's stalking the planes
I think time is going to kill us though
Oh Kendall, um Ash wonders why you're mad at him
What?
Ash wonders why you're mad at him
He didn't what?
It's not playing with me
Damn
Dude, Sam Worm got all of us
I could not see anything
Oh dude, yeah, I'm so pissed off
I need to turn up the sound
No survivors
That Sam Worm tried to get me three times and he got me on those problems
Okay, well, we only have to make $340
I had some good stuff there
Um exterminator if you still want to join you absolutely can now
If anybody else wants to join
You can join every time we're in space
In spreeee
Invite's still open for sure. You are more than welcome
I didn't know Kendall was dead
Yeah, I tried to grab the stuff
Oh, what's up?
I tried to grab the stuff from the front and I couldn't make it
That Worm got
Goted
Oh shit, you guys are clones again
Who is Kendall and who's bruiser?
Exterminator gonna see oh shit now. I know
Yeah, the sand war really fucked us, but this time we're gonna get all of them
So you're gonna see exterminator
Uh
All right
Oh, no, it's stormy at rend. I think that's too not worth it
We have to oh everything. Oh my god. Come look at this. Come somebody go look at the moons just to confirm that it's terrible
Every planet has an effect
So never mind. We should just go to rend
Okay, it's stormy. So enjoy
Is that the one we were just on? Yeah
Oh, that's gonna be a fucking shit thing. Yeah, but everything is either eclipsed or stormy or flooded like every
This is gonna be
I'm gonna teleport in because it's easier
Yeah
All right folks, good luck
Okay, hello
Okay, so there's three of us got in
Yeah
Where's the key?
Hello
Oh four of us ported or did all of us ported
So many keys
I'm with exterminator. Oh the fire exit here
Listen to all these joyous reunions
Yeah
That's a spooky house
Whoever designed this house
They were being a little spooky with it
Stairs connected to that's crazy
The upstairs has nothing the fire exits this way up here
Oh, thanks. Which way?
Um, keep going forward and then there's more stairs over here
Where are you? We're up the stairs
Um, I have more people. Yeah, I'll show you the fire exit
I've got a morning mug. It's worth money
And by money, I mean credits
I don't know how I'm gonna make it to the ship
What do you mean?
Oh, it's right here
Well, I honestly think we're at the point where we should probably just go I think we got enough
That's worth it
Um, okay, we shouldn't all run in a group though because if one of us gets struck by lightning we're fucked
You guys go I'll be right behind you
They can't make me go back
We've got to be more stuff, right? Gosh, I think Kendall just died
What more stairs?
What's case a leash kid? Maybe
Wait, I'm so lost
Okay, we go we go because someone needs to grab the stuff that everyone's gonna drop as they die
I'm also probably gonna die getting struck by lightning because there's
That's electric. I had a fucking key. I'm leaving that
I'm leaving the key
What's the way back?
Yeah, the mug's only worth 50 something credits
Wait a minute
Is everybody else dead?
Shit, we need way more stuff
Where did everybody die?
Nobody made it back. Oh my god. Where is that? There's also a giant out
How did I miss?
Okay, bruiser's alive. Everybody else is dead
I gotta go look for it
Yeah, nobody made it. I'm gonna follow the lightning. It's a death cliff
Oh if they went off the cliff, I can't get their stuff bruiser already did it. It looked like they had shit
I mean, we need a fair amount. I mean, I guess I'll go back and see if we have enough money
And if they don't I have to teleport in or something. Yeah, I saw them collecting stuff
I just think we might need more money than that
320 free shit was good
We're literally there's so much out there. We're one off having enough
So we have to go get more
You can always kill someone
That's true. I'll run to the building and try to get something
Yeah, so I have ship count
Uh, it tells me like it's weirdly under my camera, but it shows me exactly how much
Money we have in the ship. We have 339. Oh, hey, oh
And the quote is 340. That's not a friend
Unfortunately, I really thought it was a friend. That was a bad spot
That even killed me
I don't think it was
I heard a gunshot
Did you die? I thought that was a light
Also, why I was haunted and immediately getting chased
The girl was still pretty far away
so
Okay, so you can kill me when we land
Yeah, okay
I don't know though
Well, that's fine
Right, we don't have the shovel is the only thing
I don't know some of the money's from the bodies in the shovel
About 15 or 16 short. Okay. We we should have a shovel
Even though we all died our equipment usually stays
I just don't know. Well, maybe there's a shovel in there
There's a shovel
Yeah, the accurate amount on the ship is it'll tell me after this
Oh, it's 329 329. So we're we have to kill three people. We have to kill three people
We have a shovel
All right volunteers tribute
My level of squishing on me
We have to sell sound effect playing
Wait your level up is glitching
Yeah, I just hear the sound effect going over and over again. Oh, you could rejoin if you want
Maybe you have to resell okay
I'm pretty sure we can sell the manual from five
I'm like, I think you're right. Huh
Maybe can you sell keys because we do have keys? Yeah, you can sell keys
Oh, then we have to sell the keys
Oh, yeah, we'll put stuff we'll put stuff in there
Damn, I should have brought that key back that was gonna kill me. I'm pretty sure I could sell this. Can you sell a boombox?
No, okay, you do it all for the company. You gotta be a team player. This is like horrendously
I'm waiting for an execution here
I don't see how many people we have to kill
Three twenty three what happened there?
Um, there must be more to sell on the ship. I guess the manual there's nothing on the show
So we need to sell 15 no we need to sell we need to kill four people
Kill me, baby. Only one person gets to live
Well kennel's the one with the shovel so I think it's her
I'm standing in my blood spot. Hello. I'm here to report for I don't want to be I don't want to be the last one alive
I just want to kill
Okay, well, you can't well I'm here to report for work
Who wants to be the last one alive? All right fine. I'll I'll survive here. I'll tell your tale
Nail before me
Oh my god
What did I sign up for? What is this? Any last words?
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh
My god
Why isn't like this? Oh my god
That was so horrifying. I have to do justice
Hey, baby
Just know that I love you
Oh, why?
Oh my god, she was a killer. I had no choice
Oh, I might have had a choice. Oh wait. No, we'd still be too off back up politely
Well, we did it. Let's get some more shovels
Your sacrifices are worth and I'm gonna buy four shovels
Spray paint's 40 off. It's a good it turned out. It's a great day
Uh spray paint
firm
Pro flashlight sure. Let's get three of those firm walkies sure. Let's get three of those
What else what else can we get?
A goldfish wait, do we already have one?
Honestly, I should have had us buy stuff before I killed everyone
They have to watch me run all this shit around
And Kendall's gonna judge my ability to store things appropriately. This is the shovel counter. Oh store. I said store
Come on, let me store it. I think this is the last trip. I hope
Oh my god. I got too much stuff the trauma of killing all my friends
Yeah, I have
Intergenerational trauma. Oh my god. There we go. That's the last thing. Let's take off
Maybe I can store these better. It's full. My friends are back. I didn't kill anyone
When you trick the monster
494, uh, also if anybody wants to join they totally can now
Offense
We'll beam you in
My gosh, get better storing skills organizations
I tried I really tried
Did you know ash was in the
Um reds, did you want to join now? All right, I like how
You're just covered in blood and everywhere else clean. Oh am I I can't I can't look in the mirror unfortunately the blood of emotion
Who is guilty but I can't point the finger at myself. It's just the thing people do
Extermators dancing in a toilet. I'm in. All right. There we go. Let's land this shit. Oh shit. I meant to jump
Yeah, the munchkuck club of doom
Not much my wired mouse died. No
I think we own like a nicer mouse than I ever have before though. I can't really tell the difference
I had a really nice wireless razor mouse that I loved and it broke like we got to getting it
Yeah, I've never gone with wireless mice, uh, really
Editing or gaming stuff just because I find it too annoying when they don't respond
I don't have a problem with it. I've never had like a non responding issue
Yeah, I the one I had now is wired and I keep getting like
Higher I think it keeps getting stuck
No, but I do like that she stared at
Kendall no
No
She decides to look at me. She jumped off and y'all know
That is she does get style points. Wow. She didn't even have to jump
You never have to jump folks
Just a friendly reminder
Bricks, I wish Kendall was here to follow the door. Did it really just a little off paddle? Is this just a dead end?
No, it doesn't look like it anymore. It did for a minute. Oh, that's turret
That's just a dead end over here to the right
Did I guess his door is
Place to go that door is pointless
Oh, this is another. It's really just a circle. Yeah, really. How are we supposed to go in here?
Okay, here's the door
Looks like somebody's been this way and I
Oh engine
Okay, this seems new
Anybody got a key
I can force the handle off with another you can't
No, I mean real I could
Uh, let's be so excited
Oh, there's a monster
We're missing the action
Son of a bitch
Fancy is dead
Is anybody this way?
Okay, that's probably smart. Oh, they already did
Why didn't they take the thing gotta go get fancy shelf? Damn it. No
There we go
What? Why did that?
Oh, no, did they mod it? It killed us
Oh wait, people jump through anyway, they're gonna patch that. Well, that's weird though because I think we'd have to download a patch
And then we didn't tell her anything
Hey, um, so all three of these guys I saw cv like
jumped through the
The glitch in the um apparatus room, but all three of them are just kind of like
In the void, I don't know what that means. Yeah, we're dead
Cruiser exterminator as cv
I tried teleporting one of them and they didn't nothing happened. Oh, whatever. It's just we got unlucky if it's just there's a chance you'll die
Yeah, I feel like
It'll be
Well running away was the right choice because that thing was gonna kill us
That guy was on hit anybody got a talky
but
Yeah, I should have just grabbed your shovel and killed it
I wasn't getting hit right. I was literally swinging that. Why is that?
Our bodies are just gone. I wonder if our stuff will be at the front
It it looks like the stuff's like
Oh, yeah
Well, it doesn't make sense, but I guess that it's what I'd expect
It's just teleporting packed blood
Yeah, we all died trying to perform a glitch exit skimary
Well, now we know
We're not
Unless they can like soft patch things without you having to download something I can't imagine
Why'd he drop it onto the monster?
Trusting games. Honestly considering almost all of us died. We got a lot of stuff out
Radio just not even helping
Hey, what the hell? Oh, how'd it get up there? It's just considering the options
We're down. He's calculated. Dude, this is a pretty perilous area right now
Oh, okay. Oh, nope. It's going back. Maybe the burn
Eat my dog
Oh, there's a bunch of them. They attack when they're in action. Oh my god, really?
Oh, oh, shit you left. Oh, there's a worm and like four other things there. It's a worm
You can go back if you want
I just have the lights off in case of dog
But I haven't seen it
Oh
Left side of the ship
Should we just turning the lights? I don't know what happened to the other ones
But like they just disappeared. I like how I asked just isn't responding
We can I can't hear you either if you're talking if you want to hit the button you can I can't hear you
Um
This is a beautiful conversation
This is a great team that I
Worked everything else. Oh
I'm just we're just gonna go I don't know what happened to the three of them. Uh, they literally just for you dog
Um at at six o'clock I turn the lights off whether or not
There's a it's good another processor. It's a good idea
I'm very confused. Okay, so they did all die of like how
There's like a a glitch
And we all jump through it and we'll die
Yeah, we tried to glitch our way back to the front. Did you all jump through it? I've I've seen the glitch
They didn't know that the other person died when they went through
And they were being chased by a monster
I did see the monster. Yeah
Still the glitch sometimes works and sometimes doesn't I guess so
But this time it's gonna work. Let's do it
I'm going for the win
No
I kind of made it. That was dead
He died
I jumped totally wrong
He's actually dead
He's dead. Where wait, oh, he's right here. I mean, I kind of made it. Let's see if I can keep going
I'm not even close. I don't know if you're gonna make it through that area
Crawl crawl crawl. Oh, someone did die
Yeah, it was me
It's not working
Here, I'll I'll soften your landing. I get to spectate for a round, honestly. It's a win for me
Okay, I'm fine
I think I'm closer than case is
Oh, fine fancy, but I'm willing to make the sacrifices to attention make it work
101 ways to die
Yeah
Well, the joke's on them because I can see the monsters that await them like this landmine and this crawler
And that's currently it actually
Well, it's not a spike tv show
Yes, uh, yes it was. I love that show
The only thing I remember from this show
It's the only one I remember about that show is the guy was swimming in the amazon river and got like a fish that swam up his dick
Yes, yeah. Oh god. Oh, wait. I do kind of remember then
Dude, I remember one
Whoever just here inside
I remember while there was a guy who like died
Having sex with someone just moved
It's coming for him. Oh no. I'm the thumper. I'm gonna pretend that I'm playing as the number
Wow, look at this thing go
I see the lines I see the lines
He's running away only exterminators brave enough to continue
I
What um, it's just spectate enemies moderate. I'm not sure
It's called exact. Oh actually I can tell you
It's just called spectate
It's fringe called exactly what you'd expect I guess one word though spectate enemies
Look at this thumper
It doesn't break seven. No. Oh my god. No, I don't want to enable sticky keys
What
Stop talking to him. I gotta every time I pass it. You got to pay your respects
They didn't even bring my body in start working on the screen, but what is ash doing?
What's going on in this
What's going on in this character model? He's totally silent. Then he's just making crazy noises
I like to think he's doing a tiktok live stream right now
It's like every time you're doing it a galaxy. I go boy
That's crazy
What could massively kill you bell trying to do some kind of 180
He was sure yeah, he was trying to do a 180 no scope. It didn't work
We'll see who's laughing when me playing as the dog gets them. Oh, it's gone. Oh, no
No, I'm rooting for the crawler
No
I think you got stuck
It's site-based. So if it doesn't see you, I don't think it turns. What the hell
It just was having a bad day. This is a g4 just for
Entrance
Okay, oh, I see it. Oh, it's right here. Did you want to go?
You want to go? Oh, no
Oh, so today we're rocking normal. All right, wait, I hear something else
I hear something else
This honestly is the best model of the opt-in so far. It's just the normal I hear
Something let's see what it is crawler's dead
Let me see if there's anywhere we could trap
Oh
Wait, no one's looking at it
That okay, wait, I'm trying to see if there's any open doors. There's definitely a steam vent over here
Yeah, the two turrets are like so fucking annoying over here. I'm keeping an eye on it
Oh, you're a new enemy. I really hope something doesn't come behind me
Hey
What the hell is it doing it killed both of them
Oh my god guys
Oh
Are you watching it? Yeah, it's Terminator rats Kendall. They're still alive fancy
I could be alive
I mean, I thought you guys had that dog for sure
I thought so too. I got two squeezes on it. Oh somebody else killed it
Centipede crawler dead bodies right there. Wait, they killed three of us
Uh, oh it did. Oh, it's not dead. What's that?
Hanging out around it
Okay, tell me where to go
Okay, I think someone brought it. Uh, we're gonna go to the left
Yeah, yeah
Oh
Oh
Will he make the dodge? Oh my god, this is freaking out
Oh, he got too close to the chips. I guess I guess so
Oh my god, look at her body pile. Everyone's dead
How did y'all die?
Well, I jumped off this ship first thing
Yeah, I saw you know them. I actually saw you died
Popping around two of us died to the bumper. I was watching fancy
Kendall and didn't notice that like the rest of the group all died in the front in the main entrance
See, uh, they're trying to fight the bumper
And the bumper glitched out and it was like not moving, but it was still biting
Yeah, we're getting some weird results. We died by a mine
Oh, it was a mine. Oh
Oh, but there was a
Oh, yeah, I switched I switched to see what the rest of the team was doing in their old bed
How'd you meet him?
Because you Kendall you were all right this time should I go for it again?
Yeah, yeah, we were both lucky. Yeah, I'm scared hoping that you would get around it so I could close the door behind it behind you
Yeah
Kyle it did go great
Straight up
That mine was too funny. Also the mines fart on my end. So it's extra satisfying
It was so funny because Kendall like walked back and like stopped at it. Uh-huh. And then just walked on too
I am full faith that she was just gonna like make one step to the right or left and she was like
Oh, thanks
So I'm executing his last command backward
Fancy is more of a solo mid kind of player. Let's support
Also, Kyle oh my god
Do we have any shovels?
Nice
Aki
Anything this way it sounds like somebody's in the ship
No, I think there's a monster on the other side, but I want to close the steamer
That's good. I don't know
Am I like free from the personal in the ship out of this remote?
I can't tell. No, I think if you're
The boat if you're in the building doesn't fix it. It just uh
Okay, we have we need someone to open these doors
Isn't rad's on the ship
M6
It is right. I'm sorry
All right, I guess I'll go to the ship
M6, okay. M6 and b3 is what I see
I'm already going. Okay. I must amaze is some other direction. Maybe rad's died
Oh, yeah, you want to play kyle? Uh, when we're back in space, I can invite you
Annoyingly it doesn't let you invite people mid
game
But uh, we should be off this planet in about five
I think rad's in there. He was sending messages
Hello
We're trying to open this door for you. What you're dead
But she hasn't opened a door yet
I
Is there a corpse this way
That's not that way. Oh rad's is dead
Right here. Okay, I think I didn't go that way. There's a
There's also a
Thumper
I don't know but it's around
It sounds like it's this way to the right to the right
I'm gonna try that
We can bring it over here. I think we can kill it easier. I've got it. Get ready
So I come forward he is very
I almost pulled it
I hear another sacrifice is like or something. I kind of want to corner about myself pitch black
Okay, I had a full inventory so if they can find is there a wrecking
Yo, do you think I haven't seen the evidence?
Way like
Over this pile of blood that might be someone moving from getting in that was one of the
No, there's a bracket stuff
That was all my stuff
You found
What? Oh no, I came back. Oh no. Oh Kendall. Did I save you?
No, but I think you killed him. I think I may have killed him
Can't
Oh Kendall Kendall had a misfire there. Yeah Kendall just screamed everyone
Okay, it's hard to make the job of swinging the shovel
Oh, I thought it was attacking you know, damn
Oh, it looks like it was on you
Oh, look at it go
Where's Goku?
Oh man, if only they had gotten to my body by following that trail of blood
They could have picked up my walkie-talkie
Well, I don't know if Kendall's on walkies
Look at Goku just
Oh reds you found the
apparatus ramble
I did find the room. Yeah
And there was a bunch of stuff in it too, which was very nice
So you guys were pretty close
Yeah, I didn't realize there was a uh bracket until I was being killed by
I got I got eaten by that
Reds, did you close a bunch of doors and then leave? I thought I was hearing doors open and close
I was trying to open doors
Oh, um, I I wasn't on the control panel at all
Huh, how are the doors opening and closing or maybe I just was hearing things
I mean, I was
One hit one shot what opportunity oh my god
I wonder if we have enough
This might be it for us, I don't know if we have a quota and I think this is the last day or is it only a second?
I think it's the second. Okay
Okay, we're struggling this round
Well, it's not like Kyle though
We're turning things around
This job is just exterminated. I kill you or the monster
Wait, I think we actually got a quota easily. I killed you. I'm so sorry
Well, yeah, I mean really it was kidding
It was definitely kind of I was chasing it. She's telling for me. I'm like, wait a minute. No tell for him
I didn't know
Kyle or be friends on here. I'm gonna put my friend code in chat again in case we're not
I didn't know
Um
Oh, we have enough. I think we might be we have enough. We have enough
Yeah, we're fine
Let me try to invite Kyle if he's on
Uh pick up if you have a high like sensitivity mouse pick up the horn and spin really fast. Well
Okay
I'm gonna mute that for a sec for no particular reason. Hmm. Kyle, I don't see you
Oh, it doesn't work but
Wait, who clips it?
Oh, Kyle, you do also need a bigger lobby. Oh, you're in
Kyle already in
Yeah, you need the bigger lobby mod. I also don't know why you're not showing up on my friends
Like I'm getting messages from me. This doesn't make sense
Case I don't like your post mortem comments
Oh, there's
You think
Well, you're you're like there's no sign of a brecken as you walk over a pile of blood streaking to nowhere
Okay, all right. He had a point though. Like if you're critically injured and you start walking it does leave a blood trail
Okay, fair enough
Yeah, I yeah, I was walking around a lot
With the thing on my head
In fact, I think exterminator you are looking in the direction of all of myself
So yeah, Kyle you have to launch out of thunderstorm. You need the bigger lobby mod
And other than that you should be set
Fine glass doesn't make play anything
But you have to make sure you launch using this other story up
Makes you blurry though
Yeah
I didn't update my apps, but uh
Okay, we'll go drop stuff off the planet and then you can join after we do that
Oh, thank you Travis. Thank you for all the clips Gunnel and I were watching some home last night
I do have to actually take the time to post
Which we should do before this game is not popular
It's bigger lobby Kyle. So you want to turn off more companies and download and use bigger lobby
There's two different mods. I do the same thing annoyingly
There are literally thousands of mods. It's ridiculous
I'm going to grab shovels
I guess we should buy stuff
We just need shovels, right
Might need some flashlights
Do now
We already got the most important things a friendship. Yeah, no toilet
We probably want to not buy anymore so we can go to one of the well to the basic 500 dollar plan
This fancy not on uh, we have to wait till in space if you click. Okay
I think we can take off
Oh, it's fancy dead
Oh
Yeah, I have to reinvent
But it just backed out
Oh, I see
Oh the mini mat mod. I I don't know if it's client side. It should work
Um, if it needs me to have it done it. All right, Kyle, we can pop you in here once we're back in space
Thought we were gonna get more of those slow down version
Uh, we have to go to the normal planets
I'll let me invite you Kyle
Did one of you not make it back to the ship? Oh, this is a beard. Oh, is that me?
Can you guys see me?
There's Kyle
Oh snap
Um, I'm gonna get us a stun gun
Stun gun. Oh shit, it slows way cheaper
What's up y'all, how's it going?
You got its toilet
Oh
You have to let me do your face and you don't know it
I can see you
Oh wait
You're not even close to the toilet
Who's flushing the toilet?
It's me
You're not even cleaning the toilet
All right, I'm gonna land this
This is too crazy even for me
Modern art
41
Oh, there's a mini map
You got to load up the mods the only one you need to play with this group is bigger lobby the other labs
Mods I have are just cosmetic. I think you need to have an x4 too. Oh, yeah, you need to have an x
But I think you need that for most
I see everybody here on the map. This is dope
Fancy's using hacks and he's a cheater so all of his achievements are no suspect
I wanted to specifically you could go to rend to find my way back
It would be nice to have a map to know what these maps actually look like in your head
I pulled one off and it just doesn't make sense to me. Oh shit. I forgot I ordered stuff
Damn it. I don't know if anybody's there to get it. Please somebody grab all this shit
Did we miss it?
Maybe somebody got it. I think somebody either got it either they got it or they didn't
Yeah
Fancy sculls. Fancy's actually quite good at the game. Oh good. Somebody's on the ship
Yo rezz, did you got did you get the stuff that landed? Yes? I got you your ladder and your laser
Amazing. I completely forgot I ordered stuff immediately. No worries
Let's go with this guy. Rezz does save the day. What the hell?
Hello
This is my anti goku gun. Hello. Hello
I have a gun the gun. I got a zap gun
Okay
Anybody needs a monster zap
A lot
There's a lockpicker on the ship
All right, so this minimap mod does not work like I thought it would
Oh
So it shows me whoever is on the big monitor on the tv
I should lie to you so I see
That's kind of weird
Peter
No
Oh, we full company tournament. Is that a thing?
I guess anything can be competitive
Who hits the highest quota faster? What's up?
No for a second. I always saw this beam shooting back at me. Oh shit
This room. All right. Yeah, I guess
I'll go drop this thing off
I thought I mean run the totally wrong way
Kyle dead
Oh, you bastard
Did you kill kyle?
I did not mean to quote
Oh wait, kyle's not who they killed so far. Nevermind
Bless up the kyle indeed
Okay, how did I get in here?
How'd I do the thing?
Did they find a key?
Okay, did another monster vine? I do? Yeah
What? Oh, I might be dead
There's a dead one. It's like a trash. Are you dead? I'm alive. No
I'm currently living my best life
A monster on the other side of that door, so don't open that
Oh, dude. I found a good dude
I don't know where to hold it
Yeah, I don't either
What are you looking for?
Just anything. I just found that thing
Oh, I'd say go forward and to the right
It's all the shits this way
This way? Oh, I didn't see a door over here. Get to the left. There is and straight down
Oh, it's blocked by the okay. I see it
Oh, it's the one at the end. Sorry
This way, this way, this way
No, it's this way
What? Yeah
There's a headcrabber in here. I think bruiser is dead
I've got a gun
Okay, I just got nauseous all of a sudden
It's probably his body somewhere. There's a oh, it's at the end there. Like nauseous indian
Because his corpse is here. Oh, dead body
They're gonna support it. There should be a headcrab in here somewhere
Uh, I know where it's at
Yep, found it. Um, the apparatus is also back here
Oh, shit
I should do that
I don't
Let's try to zap this thing
It didn't work
Wait, did you zap me?
I don't know who I zap
Uh, here's the um apparatus
Should we just pull it now?
I think we're the only three left
Nathan's done here
He's going to open that door with a key
Should we pull the thing? Yeah, let's well. He doesn't have a flashlight
Let's just let's just chase after him
Where is he? He ran this way. Oh, that's how this work. It's just scans and then shoots
Scans what? I don't know
Scan me tell me
It's a dead end. It's a dead end? That's a bummer
Okay, let's get the apparatus and head out
It feels like there should be more stuff, but I guess I don't know how much should we already got
Well, there's like a door that's definitely hiding a monster
Oh, yeah, there's an open door with the blob. You hear the blob behind it
Yeah
This way forward
This way
I can't remember this way
Um, it's probably to the left. No, I just heard something. I think it was to the right
What's that? Oh, we killed that. It's right over here. Oh, yeah
Oh, my flashlight's dead
Oh, he does have a flashlight
I picked it up off the dead body
Nice
That's a dead end. It's this way
Okay
Nathan?
Nathan?
Nathan?
Okay, we're good. Nathan? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Nathan!
Nathan!
I'm gonna hit your nuts
We go up. Wait, isn't the exit this way? Yeah. Oh, we haven't gone up yet. We haven't gone up
I don't think the exit is this way, but
Oh, the exit's close to us. Um, it's it's through the death room. It's on the other side. I know where it's at
You gotta go back to the death room
Which is this way. I also know I sort of got I entered through this way. Oh, really?
Yeah, we were on the other side this walk and go to the left
No, we weren't. Yes, we were. Well, we're gonna come over here. We're gonna go down
Uh
Do you like the yippie mod that I added for you?
Yeah, I don't know if I shocked it, but it did hit me
Dude, I did not enter this way. This is I haven't gone this way yet
Unless I have and I'm forgetting. Oh
Oh my god, I'm so right. Oh fuck. We got a hurry
I think it's on the other other side guys. Watch out. There's a slime
How did this thing get free? What the hell?
Oh Kendall fell. Oh, she had the apparatus. That's a bummer. Yeah. Well, let's just try to live
I'm pretty sure the fire exit was over there. Uh, here's the exit
The hell was that? Kendall did find her own way out. It looks like there's a dog by the ship. Okay, shut up
We do got to go quickly though. Yeah, I pushed Kendall off without getting me off the ship
I tried to put that on
Damn
There were four items left total. Oh, I really got one 18. Oh, we probably got more than that. Not bad
The limit is employed
To me, I just overshot it. We're good though. Yeah, I just overshot the rail
Well, but you also were in front
Dang it job everybody
All right, this time
Hey, uh, you don't mind if I grab a shovel here. Oh, no go for it. Did you make it? No
I I'm being such a coward now because I know I can die
Why? Oh, we do have a ladder actually though. I'll just take that over. I haven't realized things that they're not
All right, I'm gonna
I I want to teleport a ladder, huh? We got a ladder. It's awesome
It looks like it's me chasing Kendall
Hmm squad or the dream team Kendall keeps turning around
I want to see goals is coming for the dream team. Oh
Was there a crowd? Yeah, we ordered a record player that just plays
Old timey trumpet music. Shouldn't we do it on this side? No this side
Isn't it right over here? Uh, no, isn't it over here in the corner over here?
Yeah, where you going fancy?
Oh, I'm just looking at my phone
Yeah, it's where it's over here
This one, right? I was looking at my phone
You're being crazy. Oh, what's up Kyle? Welcome to the dream team
Okay, the ringer has arrived. Holy shit
Oh
There's a coil head and a bumper I guess and a bracket somewhere. I think I hear the dog
Oh, you guys will never believe this the entrance is right here. Yeah
You all did miss this
You're fired
Grabber, how does he know all this shit's in here?
Yep
Long as this
on the list
Yeah, watch out. There's a ton of mines
Oh, nice. This is so irritating
What is?
So, okay, so the mini map on
All right, whoever is on the monitor and they can switch it through people
So whenever they switch through somebody
That's who I see
Is whoever's on the monitor. So right now
Okay, so I don't see what's ahead or like by me. I just see Kevin
Okay, it's that big crime
Is that guy
Oh, I'll get it. I want a flash grenade
So these have never gone this wrong in the past. Yeah, they definitely don't kill us every time we use them
No, never
Everybody got one thing
Hello
Watch out
You can trap a coil head there though, potentially
What happened, okay, so I don't understand how this things work
Spider they just got a file and I'm critical
Where's the spider? That way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that way that way
That hurt
It shot me it shot me into the mine
What the fuck that way that way very madly there we go. We all died
Jack holds that door. I was like, I know that that fucking spider is behind that door next. It did not matter
What is is that is that rad's typing all that stuff?
How does he know that there's these specific monsters?
Maybe he has something hot
Well, he's I think he's wrong. There's there's none of these monsters
Yes, we did and if you look at our if you look at the mini map
Yeah, we had so much shit on us
One of them should try to go in against it
So taste good shot
Hands on the line and blows
You fool actually I blew up everyone
I think the turret was shooting at more than just me I think this is firing at our group in general
Constantly text messaging me about how they're dead
You know when it's doing that
No, there's better stuff
Decided it's not worth it
Hey, can you tell me go get the ladder at least
There are better things in life
In fact, if you want to the fire exit
Yeah, no, it's actually
Maybe I'm one of the fools to
Can't even face a dog. I don't know if I even want to go back in. I'm not the type
What on a Tuesday
Oh my gosh, these dead people won't stop. That's my way
Let's see if he's right about any of these monsters. Yeah. Okay. Now there is a spring
Kyle has played very little
company
That's
That's that's English
fire exit
I can't get through the fire
That helped me get some fire
It's the ladder
We're seeing the ladders at the fire exit
Yeah
We're cheaters. We cheat
You guys have never been texted by a ghost before
We're not
No, should he's going for it
I wish Rad me get off of Kendall's body
Yeah
There's those little guys
I missed
Apparently you can kill dogs
No, you were just ganged up on by like three different things. Yeah, I was trying to kill him with the ladder get the ladder
Don't get the ladder if you want to go back out you can
He's giving up on it
Oh
His life is worth literally nothing in his game. You're right. I'm wrong
You
Ask your life is your life has no monetary value sacrifice it for the company
It was just dumb of me to think that I could take on, you know, two animals at the same time
Were they birds?
They weren't first
Then I went back out there and they were dogs
So
You were right
I like how it says my name about the 88
Completely kills a joke
Ash, I would have died for the ladder
Still work guys
All right offense this time it's gonna work out for us. I feel really fucked that spider up. This is the way
We still have one ladder
I have to not be too much of a coward
Anybody tell me stay at my rank by not making any sudden moves
and landmines
You set the landmine this time
So the turret killed Pace's body which made him fall onto the mine
I got a video of it
Flashbang turret
I was so excited to try to use my zap gun too on the spider
I
I literally thought that like something had glitched out because you all
Ink on the fucking spider
Oh, I thought there was a door
Jumping my enemy. Oh, yeah, somebody's already been in those doors
Vapor at that
Okay, so we got to do those jumps why are those doors
I don't know how you survive that spider
Anything over there
Uh hallway that I don't know anything about because I'm watching Kendall again. Yeah, there's books. You you could have gone around
I can go around
Yeah
Oh
Okay, why don't you just get nervous plastic fish
All right, I have a phone. Oh, there's more shit this way
What's your ship?
No
Hello turrets
A turret
All right, thank you
We're going deep. Hello. Hello
I'm trapped in the walk room. There's nothing on the other side
Uh, I don't know where you are
Uh, I just saw your flashlight
Down here
Hello. Yes down here. There's a door. I don't have a door. I mean, I don't have a key
Can you tell the others?
Yes, I will tell hello
I find a key also. I'll get you
Okay, is there a key in here? I feel like I'm pretty deep in this place
Yeah, I teleported in
How do you
No
Why is it locked? Hey, just don't teleport me usually
Dude, I saw that didn't lunge at you. Please just don't teleport me in general
All right
It was my fault. I'm the one with the camera locked on Kendall. I can't even oh and I need a key
It's gonna be there's a dog
It shouldn't be but it is like I'm looking right at it hitting e and it literally says one
Maybe you can only use your lover. It's called
Wait, are you sure it's a dog or also? Um, oh, that's probably somebody was stuck behind a door
Yeah, I think it's rats. Yeah, I was stuck down the door. Oh, there is a key here case
Yeah, I guess I think in that room though. I don't need it anymore. All right. I'm gonna go try to get my stuff
Sorry about that. That was my fault
It's good
Can you offer me a present in this trying time?
Whoa, what's up, dude? What's your deal? What's that? What's your problem, man?
I'm trying to be a friend
relax
Don't be like this
Come on. I like your face
Oh boy
Jesus christ a shuttle
I was pretty far in I was deep in the shit
I almost missed that
Unsurprisingly to everyone
Yeah, yippee
Yippee dee. Ah, man
I go around
Is that how I came in here?
These things are so annoying
Oh my god, you're so slow
You're gonna kill me. I don't really know
Damn it
This thing is screwing me so hard
Damn it. That was like the unescapable ooze
I can't seem to jump on the railings in those areas
Maybe the ceiling is just too low
I think we might not be making quota, unfortunately
Yeah, we've been having a really bad luck
Am I listed as exterminator?
I can't see
That would be nice if you could sweet talk the monsters or whatever you will
I can't see
How do you see me? I can't see
He could be invited
Does seem possible, for sure
Is somebody fighting him?
Johnny actually saw him
That was close
Did it spawn him? Oh, it did
Oh no, the apparatus isn't a weird spot
It's all killing
I guess it's eating one of those
Little jumpy guys
Oh my god, doesn't see him
Chilled with a squeaker
It's looking right at him
Ah, shit
Another rocks. It's confused by the rocks
Oh, yeah, it was like
How did he just survive?
It has object permanence of a 5-4-year-old
I believe in you
Alright, I'll have to do it right back
No, you're not
I'm just not going to play that
I got the apparatus outside, dog
There was a dog outside, dog
I know, there was a dog a giant
Alright, I'm just not
If everyone's going to be like this
Oh my goodness
This is the safest player I've ever seen in my life
Why am I listed as exterminator
On your screen case
You are? Weird
I think so
I mean, I'm not cheating
But I do have to switch over
I'm screen-watching nothing
Yeah, we didn't make quota
So I'll go ahead and eject this
Wait, don't eject this yet
Don't eject this yet
I'm protecting myself
You're protecting it? No, nice
You're building a fort
We only have 5.59
The apparatus wouldn't have gotten us there
Okay, I'm ready
5.59
It's going to launch you
I know
We need the apparatus and one more thing
We had so much to do
6.39
Is it not going to let me eject this?
I'm serious
If you can't eat, you would have only had to kill 7 people
Which I think is all it takes
Welcome to our disciplinary process
Well, a lot of you know
This was fun, you guys!
I almost lived
You're fired
That does save time, I'm glad that you can do that
That's a shame
Ooh, we collected 34.86
With 64 deaths
This is our round, I think, though
Are we in Hell to your first day of the job?
Yeah, we're back in Hell
This is your very own autopilot ship
Where you will eat and sleep
For the duration of your course
Okay
Okay
Thank yourself at home
To complete the onboarding process
You will want to check the instruction
We trust you will be a great asset
To the company
Great, great asset
To the company
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Let's see what we got
There's a lot of stuff in here now
Yeah
It's beautiful and empty
I accidentally did
Did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did
Okay
Last quota, everybody
Last quota
Yeah, let's one more quota it
A beautiful nude quota
Wait, why can I type?
Shovels
Two
Firm
Pro flash two
Splash three
No, flash two
Anything to start off with?
Two shovels and two normal flashlights
I don't want that
I'll take it with me in case somebody wants it
Shovel delivery service
Hey, Mark, I've not been hearing it
Conveniently placed to kill
I'm just gonna check out the instructions
Before I blow myself up jumping over that
Poorly
Getting tired, get some rest, Travis
Based on my track record
We'll be playing this again very soon
Open some doors
I don't get back this way, this way
Oh, back?
Oh, you're not, Kendall
What up, Kyle?
Hey
Huh, this is just a dead end
There's just nothing but dead ends here
Did you jump over the mine over here?
I did not
No, I didn't want to play that game
All right, I'll probably die so you might want to
No, there's nothing beyond there
Oh, there's nothing
No, there's nothing
Somebody did it
Nothing up here either
Nothing up there
There's nothing going on over here
Places
Uses
What's wrong with this place?
Okay, here we go
This seems promising
We can find something to kill us back here
Yeah, it's got that vibe to it
Hello?
Oh, the firing is right there
And the death room
I thought I was hearing people
How many k-streams are we being delayed?
Two
I think this is our last quota though
We haven't played this a lot lately
So I should probably take it a little easy
Oh, God
That's our favorite
The darkness in the back
All right, there we go
Anything down there?
Seems like it's just a dead end
I'm not sure further down though
Let me check
I'm gonna check the other side
Okay
If you find a key, there's a locked door
I got a key
Oh, yeah
I'm gonna drop it for you
Nice
You know where the fire escape is?
Yes, it's on the other side of this wall
And then straight down the hall
Wow, nothing
Oh, stairs
Doom stairs
A fish?
Okay
This whole area resulted in one fish
And that makes it worth it
That's where dead bodies go
I don't want that
Ooh, a coil head
It might be blocking the exit right now
What's that?
Why do you do that to me?
Can I get by you?
Oh
Wow, man
I thought we were gonna be cool
Is there?
You can
I'm not sure if you can get by it
But I will stare at it right here
So I definitely don't lose it
I can't really get by it
I guess we have to do the old look away
Is there a pit behind me?
Or just stairs?
I really have no clue
I'm gonna be able to jump
Yeah, are you guys looking at it?
No, I'm not near you
But the fire exit is right there
By you
I know, I just don't know if there's a pit behind me or not
There probably is
Hey, it's me, Goku
Oh, Goku
Okay
No
No
Ah, shit
Got yoinked
Look at the coil head
Yeah, I think I'm looking at it
What do you do with these things?
You stare at it
Stare at it, stare at it
I'm staring, I'm fucking staring at it
Keep staring
Is this like the Doctor Who thing?
Yep, not weeping angels
Yeah
Come to me
There's a break in two
Shit, dude
Alright, what we're gonna do is I'm gonna jump
You keep staring over there
He's going, oh god
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ah, boy
I'm looking
I'm fucking looking
There's so many of them
Follow me
I'm coming backwards
I don't like this
Ah, it's not fun, is it?
Alright, keep coming backwards
We're gonna turn around
We're gonna jump down
Jump left
Wait, they're gonna die
Now?
Ah
Now we gotta go backwards
What killed you, Kendall?
That got it
Oh my god, look at Goku
I know that, I'm in
Ah, fuck that
Oh god, look he's right there
What do we do now?
Are we gonna go up the steps?
Okay, we'll take out this stuff
And then I picked up most of the stuff
And then we're gonna go to the fire exit
Okay
Oh my god, they both made it
Fuck all that
We're taking it so easy on them
Boy, we survived
We are not dead
That's cool, I've got stuff from a dead body
Kendall, what killed you?
A giant spawn
Literally next to me
I got Goku'd
I got Bracken, Bracken Goku'd
Fuck, what the fuck am I doing?
Just run for it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
He doesn't give you, he only sees you
They're getting through this together, it's beautiful
I was worried about that Bracken
Oh man
Fuck, fuck that
You guys die by the Bracken
I hear a kill by a coil head
I brought stuff back
The second popped up behind me
Oh, the second one
First time I did it
I looted a corpse, I think it was case
Kendall's not even on the map
I guess she got kicked
Aw, she's fucking dead
She's fucking dead
You can join if you want
It's Kendall
We're back in space
Apologies if we were being too harsh, not my intention
Same
I'm basically useless in this game
But here I am, alive, with you fancy
I'm just glad I realized that we were
That you were on the little ramp
Aw man
The giant spawned right next to me
And then ate me
It spawned from the wall
I don't understand how that happened
Damn
You died to a Bracken
Yeah
I did at least
I would have been dead
I would have been totally dead
No, actually fancy, if you check the VOD
The Bracken is right behind you and Kyle while you're leaving
It just doesn't kill you for some reason
Yeah, you got lucky there
As we're hitting the fire exit
Cause I saw him behind the coil heads
The entire time you guys were on the stairs
Basically
Cause I saw him in that room
Before I even got on the ramp
I saw him in there
But I thought he backed up
Alright
We gotta go to the basic planet
Everything else is all fucked up
Man
I didn't get your flashlight
I just had to cool down
No, you're fine
You already made quotas so we're good
I was just about
What happened?
We made quota
Already?
Yeah, I mean it's the first one so it's pretty low
Wow
Professional
We're too good
Are you really that professional?
It literally
I heard it and I was like where is it
And I saw it spawned
Oh my god two locked doors right away
I literally was like
There's so annoying
There's two locked doors upstairs
If anybody finds a key
Oh, two locked
Hey, a box
Another box?
Yeah, we're rich in boxes
A flask
A key! Oh, got a key
Sick, alright
I'm gonna go check those doors
I'm gonna go this way
I like how we don't have to do the jump
Yeah
The jump's on my way
I'm going the wrong way
Oh yeah
One thing that hasn't improved my sense of direction in this game
Maybe I just
Can you duck in the air? Maybe I wasn't doing that
Let's look through the windows really quick
Okay
That looks like the apparatus room to the left
It does, right?
This one looks like maybe another path
But maybe it's a dead end
Oh, I see a dustpan in a big vault in this room
What do you think? Well, we can probably find another key
Either way
Do this one
It has stuff in it
We know that there's stuff for sure
There's a large axle
I'm gonna drop this stuff outside
Wait, do you have an extra spot?
Um, no
But if you drop it, I'll come back for it, Kendall
Oh, I just thought he could take it outside
That was pretty good
And a large axle
Oh, I thought that large axle
Dead end?
Yeah, there's no more
I do think that's the apparatus room
from that light source
Yeah, like can I jump on a railing in here?
Can you guys jump on railings?
Yes
Oh, I can jump on this one
I can't jump on these ones, I guess because of the beams
Oh, okay
Yeah, this one doesn't have a beam, I just mean this one
I can't jump on
Oh, yeah, because it's got
Like when I died to a goo last time
I was surrounded by beams
I hear a spider
Yeah, sir
Hey, Key
Should I go get that other room?
I got an egg beater
Yeah, let's go
Let me get this egg
There we go
Oh, I didn't realize you were on me
I'm on you
I don't know if that's the way
We can keep going
Oh, this way?
This way
Yeah, this seems familiar
Oh, yeah
Yeah
Let's go to the right side
Also locked?
How many keys do we need in this place?
Jar of pickles, but also locked
Okay, we got jar of pickles
That is the apparatus room
Yeah, if we can find one more key
It's all ours
I'm over here
I see something in front of you
To the right
Oh, I think it's one of those
squeaky toy guys
Oh
There's two things
Oh, really?
Yeah
What's that? Fancy?
Hey, look
Yeah
Yeah, this one's pretty maze-like
I wonder how many people are alive
Okay, that is
That squeaky toy?
Yeah, that's one of the harmless ones
Oh, wow
How many kids do you think takes to keep?
What was that?
What was what?
Okay, one, there's a block to our right
Yeah
Something just went up the stairs, dude
I don't see it
Alright, the maze is right there
I think maybe you're seeing the thing's tail
No, there's two
There's literally two of them
Okay, yeah
You can look right here, there's two of them
Oh, they're just backed up into that hallway
You guys want to kill something?
Yes
Except radium's at the complete top
Alright, well if we want to kill something
maybe I can kill these
Are there two?
Yeah, there are
It's like five o'clock
If we can find one more key
we can get the apparatus
Alright, I'm gonna try to be brave
What if I don't make it?
It's a dead end, Kendall
But you did such a good job
I did find candy
Oh nice, congrats
Candy?
What was that?
And a homemade flashbang
Ooh
So we have to go
towards the slime?
We could go back to the fire exit
There were a lot of paths that way
Okay
Like we could go back in the fire exit
The slime's right here now
Where's Kendall?
That's it?
Let's just go to the fire exit
Wait, I don't have stamina
I'm heavy
I'm waiting for you
The yield sign is so heavy
You're so strong
Oh you know what, there should still be an axle up here
that I didn't bring
Yeah, I dropped some pickles up here too
There's some pickles up here
Should we just bring those back?
Do you want to?
I'll bring it back
Oh that dustpan
Do you want to leave your yield sign
if you have too much shit?
Is this your case?
Okay, I believe in you
Thank you so much
Fancy? Fancy?
Alright, I'm officially lost
Okay, I walked in a big circle
That leads to here
Yo
I went to come back to the fire exit
and it was all gone
Yeah, Kendall got it
There's a goo
I just want one more key
We never found the death room either
The funny thing is, keys don't show up on the minimap
Oh weird
Because when you said flasking key
the only thing I saw was flasks on them
Yeah, at one point I feel like there was a way
we got to go back I guess
There is dogs
There is dogs?
Yeah, there's dogs, we got to go this way actually
This way
and then last, right?
I mean we can always check the computer
see if there's anything else that we didn't
Do you have anything on you
to hurt, lessen your weight?
My yield sign only
I'm pretty slow, I might have to drop it
to live
But I think the yield sign is more valuable than my life
That is how I feel
I'll take it
I will make it
There's a dog somewhere
Just keep it on
I did not
Oh, that's close
Oh, that was you
He didn't make it
I was like
Damn, I thought he made it
He was right there
I was afraid the dogs would come inside
Did I close the door on him though?
No, no, no
The dogs are like in front of me
I don't think there's much I could do
There's a flashbang right here
I could have tried that
I don't think the dogs care about that
because they're blind
Right, it's a flashbang
But it's a bang
I could get him
Bang energy
She banged
She banged
I tried to play hero and I failed
I tried to play hero
Yeah, my almost got a yield sign
I'm sorry
I want it to the main entrance
so I don't feel it
No, just let you hit it
I was like, oh yeah, I was just
manned back on the show
The dog is in me and I'm in the dog
I'm going to walk in together holding him
Yeah, let's do it
I'm holding your hand
I've seen it
You know what, it's been a while since a turret was right at the door
Let's see if I die immediately
Instead there's just goodies
Oh, an air horn
A metal sheet
Do you want it?
Yeah
That's more intentionally
Oh
It's like giving a dog a new squeaky toy
A new squeaky toy
Oh, okay, yeah
Wait, someone else do it?
Does it sound like anything different?
This is so dark
I'm going to run some shit back
Well, it's nice
Well, it's still a nice day for a walk
Hello
Do you want to hear something?
Did you hear it in there?
Kind of, but do it again
Want me to try?
So good
It's beautiful, it's like we're playing a really loud there
And then it is weirdly satisfying, dove
Stop sign, you want it?
Ooh, heavier stop signs
Also really heavy
I'll leave it, whatever
I'll go die for fun
In the name of fun
It can't stay
Ooh death
Yeah, that seems right Travis
It's the phonetic spell
I don't hear anybody
Well, that's not promising looking
I should have brought that stop sign
Is that the way I have to go?
Oh man
Oh wow
I can't believe I cleared it
Nope, I fucked up
The real enemy was waiting for me all along
Oh, everybody else is still very much alive
That's good news
Well, I did call it
I said I was going to go die
In my brain, the little pole
Was right in front of there, and then I was like
Oh, it's on the other side
That wasn't even my jumping skills
It was my mental mapping skills somehow
I was trying to get up there
Let's see what monsters we got
Oh, turret
Ooh
Uh-oh, they can hear them
This is pretty close to where they are
You can hear them through this thing
Camera, right, there's that spider
Uh-oh
We don't know
It was kind of
I couldn't go look at it
But I got to get it around 10, are you staring at them?
Yeah, I'm staring at them
As long as there's no broccoli behind me
We got drinks up
We'll watch the tapes
Let's see if there's a crack
Currently, there's no crack
Nothing here, though
Can you hear me?
Yeah, I hear you
Look at that weird pod
Oh, Rad's went in
There's a bracket?
I heard Kate's voice
I know he's not behind those
They must have heard me through Kendall's make-up
We can just keep following
Take a right
Take a right, you can
Wait, that would make sense
Kendall's at the ship
Maybe they have a stream on
Oh
I think I'm going to pull the apparatus
Honestly, I think
There's
No, wait, right up there
Or behind the stairs
I think it's down the stairs
There's still a spider
Yeah, down the stairs
What the fuck? Spider's
Oh, it's in the death room
I think
I can't tell if this is too confusing
Oh, they're out there
Keep coming back
One of them could look behind them
There's two
Keep coming
To the left
Back up
Yeah, come on
We're good
Uh-oh
I'm satisfied with my jumping skills, Travis
And then I was immediately brought to
Harsely back down to Earth
The reality of my family is
They're a freak
Look at Rad's go
Uh-oh
Uh-oh
I'm summoning death for everyone
With my praise
Dogs are the... I think it's the worm
I'm going to drop this one
Alright, I got it
We made it
Nice
Okay, fancy
Here's the Earth Leviathan Cam
Oh, no
It's right in their direction
Oh, wait, maybe it's leaving
Uh-oh
It sees them
No
Oh, no
Sorry, buddy
No, don't do it
Don't do it
Bruiser, it got ya
I didn't see it
I don't know how to actually
Oh, shit
Is there stuff still on there?
It was stalking you
I didn't see it, but I can go look again
I didn't see anything
I don't know what happens to this stuff
How could you see?
I like the Hutzpah
I think the little monkey guys grab them
Like, they grab your stuff
Oh, yeah, they probably should just go
Okay
I can't make it out
Yeah
Alright, let's keep going
Well, on one map, the worm ate me
with the apparatus
and later the apparatus was in one of the little monkey's hands
Alright
We did good, guys. We're so rich
Crazy
No one else is out there, right?
For the first quota or whatever
We're leaving
I can't believe I survived
I saw you guys
and I saw this like
What the fuck is that?
Actually, I'll hold it as a load
When you see
when the ground starts trembling
and you see the dirt coming up underneath you
Just run, Kyle
Just sprint
Oh, we got both
I swear, I saw the dirt fly up
right after I died
Aw, man
Yeah, we got over a thousand
What's that?
Oh
Report to the company building
to sell your scrap metal
and other goods
We got over a thousand
You can use the terminal
to route the autopilot to the company building
Oh, not the horn
I mean that
Are we keeping the horn?
I don't think so
No
I'm not selling the flashbang
I need to figure out these words
We got a stop sign
Yeah, let's sell the stop sign
It's so heavy
Dude, I don't understand
It's so slow and immediately hurt you
in blinds
I think you have to hold that
I'm like half healthy
I just clicked the left mouse button
I thought you could throw it
You can't throw it
Huh, why didn't say we had so much more money
Oh, because we still have more stuff
Yeah, we have so much
I think the move is to always get a teleporter
and an inverse teleporter before we go to the nice world
That's my new feeling
What's the feeling?
That it's better to get a teleporter
and the inverse teleporter
and then start buying the route
Oh
Oh my god
Bruce Green
I think you gotta do another quota baby
We gotta do one more now
We gotta do one more
I can't just ignore a Bruce Green raid
Not when the great Bruce Green raids me
Bruce, I had you, I hope you had a wonderful stream
What's my morning reading?
We're playing some classic musical company
That classic I mean
It's the modded version
I have a meeting at
9? No, I don't
Raz, do you want to play?
10 o'clock, I can play one more
Yeah, it's only 11
40
It may be
It may be that time for me
Hey, I would love to come back
I did send in a submission video
So sad it didn't work out last year
Dondeague
You didn't even audition last year
I forget that mod on your twitch case
Yeah, you are a mod
I'm just banning everybody who is the first time
Chad
What, why?
Kyle, why?
No, I wouldn't do that
Sorry, my streams kinda twisted you
Raz, that's fine
I understand, I was just about to get off
Probably, but I think in honor of Bruce
I'm going back
Wait, are you saying you want me to submit
What are you doing?
And that she never replied
Was someone not here, am I talking to no one?
That's bullshit
There's no one there, Kendall
We're just in trance by the story
You're just talking to a wall
Dude, when you said what are you doing
I'm like, oh my god, is there not a person in the crowd
Am I talking to a wall?
I'm going to get some shovels
I feel like you're not listening
Oh, shovels are super cheap
I'm all like this, Kyle
That's great news for everybody
Why aren't you listening
The poster's better, right?
You're not even speaking to me there
You're my only friend
You're such a great listener
Yeah, yeah, yeah
They take everything back
Oh, walkies, there we go
Walkies too
Anyway, yeah, so I emailed you
Want me to submit a video?
Anyway, thanks again for the raid, Bruce
I hope you had a great stream
I'm Kase, if anybody doesn't know
Bruce also does stuff with
I usually am not playing games
Actually, I usually
I'm doing something even dumber
And streaming the news using various filters
To make it seem like there's more than one of me
You just added
But tonight, it's a lethal company
Whoa!
Learn better English
What?
You said you could just get this
You said no
He's demanding that Kendall learns better English
Not a context, or maybe even in it
Sounds a little bad
I bought so many shovels
They're perfect
Anyone has a small
Acceptable
Which one are you doing, the middle finger?
Yes
Damn, I wish I could see it
Man
Still a few things over there
Nice
Just you
Cancel everyone and delete the mod
Whatever I did last
Still dancing
I guess when
It's not modded for people
It takes whatever they did last
I see
Alright
Let's get out of here
Yeah, you're dancing
We're all on the ship, I've decided
Did we get everything from the shipments?
Yeah
Yeah
No, we did
Were you involved in the AOTS documentary?
I was not
As far as I know, there's only the Chris Gorrow one
Which I honestly don't really know
I have not seen that one
I was
Ooh, we got a bonus
I think we have four
Oh, a lot of slides
Yeah, I haven't seen it
Dude, um
Why don't we get like a general read on how people felt about it
Loud horn
Let's get a loud horn
Let's get a loud horn
The basic ass man
Damn, basic ass
Let's get it here, Gene
Which one? Which one?
Which what? Who's the what?
That's the one we jumped to
No, it's the basic one
The other ones were messed up
The other ones were dirty and nasty
Beehive
Bees?
Why are you like this?
How did you already get attacked by bees?
I didn't say that
I just wanted to be friends
You flashbanged the bees
Maybe that's what it's for
I'm gonna die right now
Our wholesome Christian stream
Yeah, I was
Only involved in G42.0
I think that documentary was mostly about the first one
Which I wouldn't really have any
Special insight into other than
Just knowing people that were involved with it
Oh, great
We got a jump, Kendall
Okay
You going first?
I'll go first so that you can watch me die
Oh, come die
I made it
So good
We're so good
Kendall and I are also in the same room
So sometimes you can hear us out of each other's mics
Oh my god, it's a monster
Whoa
I'm actually Donnie from Wild Boar Bears
Oh nice
I missed that show
Okay
My pregnant are really good
Kendall, this light is your one of the jumpers of the hole
Take that
I have a question
Ethan?
Yeah, what?
Oh, the forbidden gumball
That is a good thing
You jumped in here and you saw an item there
You want it to be a trend?
Have opened?
No, it's because I actually right clicked
and saw it
And at the end of this run
the forbidden gumball will almost certainly be killed
because that's how it goes
Nothing?
No, there's something, I'm just curious
Is this a dead end?
This is a dead end
I think we lost case
No, I'm here
There's a locked door here, but I don't know if it's worth it
Okay
There's another key
I got it
Guys
Yeah, it's unlocked
Okay
I almost used the key immediately
Just the apparatus
Yeah
It's the non-glitchy type
I mean, not the non-glitchy type
The one that we can't kill ourselves with
Yeah, that all of us died
Well we felt like we had secret powerful knowledge
instead it killed us
And it killed us
You did have secret powerful knowledge
of an ancient weapon that we used to
Alright, fancy
You're the only one who's good at this game
You have to try to do the jump first
Oh, come on, don't move the flashlight
while I'm doing this
There's a hole in the way
You see that?
Oh, there is a hole
This is an advanced jump
This is time for me to prove myself
You're not going to take the axle with you?
No, I'm too much of a coward
But the real reward was the sense of confidence
I gained from making the jump
Yeah, you did get yourself confidence for sure
It would have been appropriate for me to immediately die
There's a door here
One of the left is a dead end
but
We're near the main entrance
This way
Oh, that's exciting
Yo, you can be your race car, bro
For this area
This has been far too peaceful
One of us has to die soon
I'm pretty sure I just entered fear safe for a second
Oh, maybe there's a wreck
I already healed
I was damaged
This way
We came in this way, right?
I don't know
There's another door
Through this door
Oh, a jump
Okay, here we go
I don't want to do the jump
I have an axle
There's another way
Anything that way?
Oh, great
Oh, that's the way we came in, right?
Oh, I guess I did
I guess it was me all along
Oh, there's a dog
Hey, fancy
Oh, there's a thumper
Oh, it's Kyle
It's me
That's a dog
Double
You know
That's pretty cool
I feel good about that
You feel strong
Oh, my God
Streams saw that
Damn
I feel really good now
Nearly a hundred people just saw you be a man
Oh, my God, be sure to like and subscribe
And over a hundred lurkers
I'm hearing noises
What's that way?
We went that way, there was nothing
Is this just this room?
I think I'm going to pull it and run away
Hey, should I pull the apparatus?
Anybody?
Do people feel a certain way?
Friends?
I'm going to pull it
I feel the hand of death approaching me
And I think I just heard a face sucker guy
Nothing else in here?
Alright, apologies everybody
We're checking the ceilings
And we're going the wrong way
As I like to do
I'm hearing something weird
What the fuck was that?
I think the quickest way to go is the fire exit
But I'm so bad at jumping
I might lose this thing
Hey, hey
Yeah?
You're on the other side
Don't make the jump
You can
There's another one, yeah
How much do you have on you?
Just the apparatus
We're almost at the entrance
It's right here
Oh, the main entrance?
Yeah
Oh wait, I see a thing on the map
What?
I'm not in here
You're so rich dude
He's so rich in wheels
You didn't hear me say anything about that map
He's not
Fancy's using the mini-map but
As we speak
No, no, no
I mean he's not
Hey candle, guess what
Shit
Is that everyone?
We guys really want to go back for anything?
No, it's midnight
We're too good
Oh the behind
What was it?
The no-no gumball
Somebody in chat suggested we call it something gumball
It's like a sticky
Oh the forbidden gumball
I sustained the most injuries
Congrats
I did not die
I should be dead
Do you fight something?
Yeah
They fought a lot of things
Yeah
Okay
Count it
1, 2, 3, 4
I saw it
Fancy
You're using the radar
I saw it
No, I mean no I'm not
No you're not
Alright this time I'm going to be brave
You haven't locked on yourself
I do now
Yeah
I can't remember to buy a ladder
Do you want me to hit you for getting a ladder?
Make it really hard for you
No
I just thought I'd give you an option
That's not how I learn
I'm an auditory learner
Auditory learner
Auditory learner
That should be a style of teaching
Wait Nathan let me show you the wall
The giant spot, let me show you
Alright I'm curious
In this spot
A dog was fighting a bird
Right?
I was literally right here
Walking the whole thing
Waiting for my moment
And the giant spawned here
It was worse
I literally heard it
And I thought come out of the wall
These are the ancient stories
What if it's just a rock column
It came out of the wall
That's like where it lives
Alright we're already rich
You don't learn through life
Hello
We're rich
We're rich
Left is pretty much cleared out
This is left
This is not left
Uh oh, watch out
Chubble save us
He's running away
He helped me
Goddamn
What is with its head
It's got so many mouths
That's not in the store
We might have to open a door
I will take the door back
Why not
We actually don't need those
Oh yeah we don't
Don't open that
What else?
It's just an empty room
That's great
It's the death room
It does look a little cute
It's kind of the smiley face
What's that?
It's right through this door
Good old death trap room
Locked
Yeah
That's nothing
Aki
It's fine
It's bringing out nothing
Aki
Stop
Did you die?
Did he just die?
I think he fell
Uh oh
Damn
Maybe I pushed him off
Because we ran through each other
Oh no I'm a killer
I'm a fucking murderer
Yep I just got spooky vision
Well it was to the side of me
So I couldn't see it
There's nothing again
It's always a dead end
Oh there's a scrap
Oh what's this one
You found the way to the fire escape over?
Yeah it's this way
It's one of these doors
Don't come this way
There's an exit over here
But there's two coil heads
Look away from this book
Look away from the coil head
Okay
As long as it doesn't come across
Yeah they locked it in room
Good job
It's not caught
Oh it's not caught
There's one behind you
Oh
Can y'all get out real quick
Can you just wait real quick?
Yeah
We'll fuck off
No problem
I can do that
I'll give you that
I'll just take stuff out
You side stepped into oblivion
Damn at least it's funny to die
I hope in the real world
When I die I go
Oh that's pretty good
Oh shit we still have one more down here
Man we're actually doing pretty well
What?
Wait what?
Well it doubled trusty
It feels like I just duplicated these
Maybe I just pulled them through the wall
I think I did
Yeah who knows
In my brain I'm gonna
Good job on that coil head trap
Dude that was crazy
Oh you guys got it
I just heard like a fuck
And then it was over immediately
I couldn't even quite make out
Whoa what the fuck you're already out
There's another one
I think they just escaped
Oh they can walk through walls
As soon as you're out of the building
The coil heads are
Shit this dog
It might be over
Nice
Dang how did fancy die
I just heard case twice
Oh god I hate this
You hear me twice
I heard you speaking
Let's take off
And I swear I heard you speaking at the same time
What?
I didn't say let's take off
You're not gonna be
Ruth and I were looking
At Kyle's dead body
We were just
Disgusting the pose
And then we looked back
And they was just dead
Honestly the coil heads immediately got out
After we left
Oh really
Yeah they were just back in front
There were two dogs at the main entrance
Alright
Are you gonna go for that?
I don't think there's any point
I think I'll just explode
I swear
It's the family guy death pose to me
This is kind of
They feel artfully posed here honestly
It's like that famous statue of Jesus
But they separated the figures
Like a team agony
I saw the whole thing
You two metal fuckers
The whole thing
Oh look at this yoga
Kendall standing here
And saying George has his back to the monitor
Looking at the body over here
The whole thing
You two
Alright let's look
There was a bear there
Negligence
We're so sorry
We thought you would be fine
In all honesty
Actually I want to get warped in
Oh I want to get warped in
Alright
Anybody who's feeling brave
Okay goodbye
See y'all later
Oh I'm right at the entrance
That was almost it for me
Kendall I'll go teleport you
Bye Kendall's in the other room
You go save her
Yo
Oh wait no there's a huge cooldown
I can't
That is one annoying thing about teleporting
It's fun to do but if you get locked
Send you a locker and then you just
Have to sit there
Until someone finds you
I love you baby
Okay I'm gonna be on turret duty
Okay
I'll take a flashlight
I don't know why it's on such a long cooldown
I guess there must be some way to abuse it
You should've left her in that room
Was it a good room
I don't know what he means by that
Maybe he opened it
Or maybe he just hates Kendall
He wants what he does
It's a 5 minute cooldown
Alright turret that way
I rex it immediately there
A jump I don't want to have to make
A fish
Hello
I can hear you through a wall Kyle
Sounds like it's going well
Oh man Goku
I thought I was safe
I was safe there earlier
Oh damn
I got chased by many things
I got chased by a cool head
I think it was
And then
There's a bracket
There's some bodies
There's a colony
Turret
Head in the closet
And then the spider came in
Uh oh
You're not safe there
There was a spider
I thought I just heard my voice for a second
Maybe fancy just sounds like me sometimes
Yo there's a bracket
Wait are you dead
Hello
Main entrance is over here
Yeah
There's also a bracket
Yes I know
What's happening
Oh shit
Look at him going
The apparatus room was locked
I teleported right by his
Dude these guys are cracked out
What's going on
Where's the flower man
Oh he's coming for it
Wow look how far this thing backs up
He got so scared that time
Scared into oblivion
Yeah the
It's dark
The bracket usually doesn't Goku but
I prefer him that way
I don't because I have to make it jump
Son of a bitch
Fancy is pissed
Oh he's stuck
Neeeek
I want to keep going inverse teleport
That's what I'm going to do
Haha
Do you all have a favorite TV show now
Mine is Shitako from Defiance
I've actually never seen Defiance
Frag is burned into my brain
Slag from B-Storage
It's hilarious hope Raz puts that
You fracked up pal
I remember that one
Now instead of a curse word
It's just a way to destroy the environment
Yeah definitely
So sad
Well
You're going in
You're going in
It's so fun
Well at least he wasn't teleported
On the other side of that turret
Uh oh that's a bad sign
Oh
I think
Owl? No
You guys are fancy
Fancy be strong
Stay brave Fancy
Stay brave
I think he'll get mad
He's tracking it
He's tracking it
Oh shit is he going for it
There isn't so
Dude he's getting bracketed so intensely
Uh oh no spiderwebs
Oh no
Ah
Fancy
No
No
At least she kept
His body intact
I think it's hope we're back in
Oh
Who got teleported
And that's amazing
Why am I coil head and
Spider
Good job everyone
You have two bodies?
I just want to say
I can't believe they didn't teleport me right away
With the breakfast coil head and turret
Fark's a pretty good one too G
Usually
If I want to teleport
I just stop moving
Let's go
We ain't going in
We're rich
No
I remember
They made a bunch of
Fake cursive
Smooth
Smooth
Fake cursive
We made up a fake
Racially insensitive word
That does feel bad to say
When we did wetfoot for a few months there
I felt really uncomfortable watching those
Yeah
This is like really like is this bad
It doesn't mean anything
But it does sound bad to say
It's the implication
That was crazy, I'm so sorry
I teleported onto the turret
Into a poor head
And then I ran into a spider
No
I was like oh maybe I could teleport inside
No
A cadaver
I thought you were going to teleport
But I got stuck in the corner by the coil head
Oh you know what, we were thinking about it
We did consider it
I thought you would get mad
I don't think it did turn out to be real
Well the bracket is the one that got
Wet leg sounds more healthy
Wet leg is a great band
See Jean you're out alive
It's such a great name for the
Boop boop boop
I like a mag
From a
Of course
Teleporting is so
I have to look it up
I feel like I googled it to double check
That it wasn't being used as an actual
You know
Some kind of racial episode
But
And I do feel like we found some story where it was like
Referring to something that was kind of weird
Anyway
Now I just don't
I barely ever bring that up because I'm just like
It does feel, even though I don't think it means anything
It still feels like it means something
Bad
Cosmetics we can buy for the plane
Oh we charge it
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
That's cool
Because you're ever like
Dropping anything off
You're a lot of courage
Nice
Wow we got so much money then
Is that everything
It cools down
I didn't mean to fight that big giant thing
It was cool
Which one was it?
I killed a giant thing
I just wanted to put it
What the hell
I was a hero
And I'm going to ride down
Take that to sleep tonight
Yeah you should
Alright
Great success
You buy stuff?
I bought some stuff but
I don't have space to quit
And a ladder
It's so nice of you
It's beautiful
I don't know if we can get up there
We need two ladders probably
Yeah you're right
Oh well, future goals
Just being in defeat
You're trapped
I had just reached the edge of the map
Alright I'm going to take off
And then call it I think
Yeah
That was fun y'all
Thanks for playing
We've been playing way too much
So if you ever feel like there's a good chance we're on it
Oh my god deaths are happening
Seven
I don't even have anything
You can't blame me
How could you see me if your back was turned
No I saw you put it away
No you didn't
No you didn't
You're not a professor plum
Oh
We're so rich
We're so rich
And we can go to Titan
Alright next time we're on
We get to go to Titan
Ryan Sorrow thanks for the follow
Alright guys I'm going to call
There and rate somebody
Alright you can rate me if you'd like
I'm going to play broken reality
Ooh okay
Rad's playing broken reality
Alright GGs everybody
Alright good bye
Bye y'all
Well great success
Rate of rad
God there's two of me
Alright let's send you radium's way
You're hungry
I am also hungry
Some taco
Why are we like this
We've probably trained our bodies to be mad
Thank you and to daddy
Gene Phoenix thanks for hanging out
We're made
Radium he's playing
Usually he's playing some kind of fun
Classic games
Stick around for him if you want to
Watch some more stuff
If you're still around for Bruce's raid
Tomorrow we'll be doing some news
In a weird way
Maybe I can make Kendall sticker face
Incasionally not tonight though
Oh well
Have fun with the radium
I'll see you guys tomorrow at TBD time
I have to do some editing during the day
Who knows maybe we'll be back on this game
Although at some point we should
Not play it properly every night
So easy
So fun
Okay every night of it we'll talk soon
Bye bye