Whoa, this is loud.
Hello, everybody.
Good to see you.
Subritchie boner salad.
Yes, Sony 4.7, Junk Dog.
Gearless Joe Nomad, Propaganda V2 Shaka, 42,000.
Bring this camera in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there it is.
Entity, Card King, Bee, Grendel.
We're doing some news today.
Good to see everyone.
Let's button ourselves up for some news.
Yeah.
There we go.
OK.
I'm wearing the big blouse today.
Jay Money, Staunton, Sinister Dev.
Thank you to Staunton for the resub for 15 months
and right now, Propaganda.
Thank you so much.
I didn't stream yesterday, so today I
got to stream twice as hard.
I got to go in.
Hope everybody's having a decent week.
Good Thursday.
Just realized I didn't pull up any stories,
so that's so maybe I just sit here.
All right, let's see.
Boom, there we go.
OK, how's Papito doing, of course?
Good.
Oh, good.
Yeah, I did think about it.
Actually, I don't think.
So I just paused and I don't know why.
But that's because I'm a dog and I don't think.
Get it?
Yes, I definitely get that you're a dog.
Yeah.
Good.
I'll repeat it just in case.
I said your name.
Very good, Papito.
Yay.
Is Pito still trying to process that CBD treat?
I've been chilled out for fucking weeks, man.
Kind of changed up the way I look at everything.
One CBD treat?
Just the one.
And now I feel totally liberated and unbound.
Mostly I just relax me a little.
That's good.
Yeah.
OK, well, what's going on in the world today?
Love it when I see a good old threat of nuclear war story.
That's a classic, so you got to cover that.
Timmy the Brain.
Oh my god.
You know what brain rhymes with?
Meaning it's probably a rhyme I've used about 100 times
at this point.
It rhymes with train.
Papito, did you know that a hype train is going?
I didn't know.
But I can go get the train.
There's no getting the train, Papito.
It just shows up.
Oh, I don't really get what I do.
But I'll say that I'll get the train.
Yeah, sometimes the train goes for a while.
Sometimes it doesn't go for long at all.
And I'm fine with either.
But I guess let's see how the train's doing.
It's been a minute.
Yeah, let's check in with this train.
Thank you so much for the 100-bits card, king.
And Timmy the Brain, thanks again for the sub.
And thank you all for empowering this train
that I love so much.
How's it going hype train?
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, I'm doing it.
If I can do it.
Oh, what?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
That's not what they're going to do.
What?
She never got the train.
Hype train, you're too low today.
I second, second, second, second, second, second.
Are you saying you suck in?
I think you're too low, so I can't even tell
if you're saying something dirty.
All right, well, the hype train's here.
It's not Nightmare Fuel at all.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not going to argue that it's good dream
fuel.
Are you sick?
I think I can.
I think I can.
Equalized Demi Soundboard Stanley.
See, he is too equalized, probably.
Are you in the back?
I don't know.
Chat.
Is chat in the back hype train?
Let me tell you, they're not in the front.
So where they at?
Where they fucking at now?
Where they fucking at the back?
Chat is in the back.
Oh, my god.
I shouldn't have asked.
I guess where else would they be?
Obviously, they won't be anywhere else but the back.
You could check the front, but don't do that.
Fuck that.
Chat is in the back.
OK.
I saw a duck in the duck wing.
Quirk, yes.
I saw a guy that had a lack of being in the back.
This guy was in the front, but I went up to that man
and I told him, what's up?
What'd you tell him?
I said, go get in chat, OK?
Which is a synonym for saying, go get in the back.
The guy got in the back, meaning that he wasn't chatting.
Then he really was happy and he cured all his health issues.
That's what it does.
Oh, my god.
Oh, god.
Oh, god.
Damn, trying to drop him five subs.
Oh, god.
Damn.
Why?
Let's find the bank where the channel's at.
Oh, yeah, fuck.
Shaka bought me 2,000.
Give me myself a sexual perm and he's fucking going in
his pants and he's gapping a hot sub.
And the hot sub was guess where that sub was at?
The back, you got it right for once.
Yeah.
I always just ends up power-dealing for not careful.
But that's fine, I guess.
Yeah, that's fine.
Goddamn, I'm fine, I'm feeling fine.
Is that a way?
I'm feeling fine, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Hey, don't do that to my voice.
Where is, anything else going on in the hype train?
Is this just all about where Chad is located?
It's where the hot sub ends up.
Really, very, very intense voice effects there.
Hype train.
Oh, geez.
Whoa.
Oh, this one's a little sexier for you.
That's, I guess, exciting.
Yeah, it's very exciting.
Very, very exciting.
Then the sub's gonna shout out microphone 900
to keep him alive.
I die whenever I leave here.
You die?
I didn't know that.
I fucking die every time I leave here.
Chad in the back keeping the hype train alive.
Because every time that I leave, I die.
I experience death in its totality
and it doesn't set my spirit free.
It hurts.
Death turns out that it's painful.
It hurts every time and it sucks.
Oh, that's not very comforting.
You'll get no comfort from me on the hype train.
I don't bring hype.
I bring oppression or hype.
Those are the only two options that I bring.
I didn't realize you've also brought depression.
Well, only when I'm not here because I die.
Every time that I leave Chad in the back,
I go behind the chat in the back to hell.
I got Bertil living back in hell with my father.
And it's not fun.
It's not as fun as being hyped.
But it doesn't fucking matter because I'll
stay hyped for life, yeah.
There's a bigger train?
And you have a father?
And my father is, yeah.
I guess that shouldn't surprise me.
And I get something from hell by the power of hype
from Chad in the back.
Chad in the back.
A jerk coming from my zipage.
Basically, it's a pentagon of power.
Every time they drop a sub, it draws another line.
And the pentagon would just break
by the power of your soul.
And Chad is in the back.
Jesus.
And Chad is in the back.
Yeah, a pentagon of power.
I meant to say pentagon of power.
Hey, you got it right?
I got it wrong the only time I've ever said anything that
was wrong or maybe I actually had it right.
And it's a pentagon like the United States
pentagon pentagram.
He was a bit, if you said the wrong part.
I don't know if I want to.
OK.
But I do know one thing.
And that's a Warko's Art Band.
Subscribe to 16 Months God Day.
I'm not just a stark 16 months of a Warko's Art.
I'll make it be one alarm.
A Warko's Art Too Sharp.
Yeah.
Oh, God, you're going mouse in the motorcycle mode?
Oh, thank you all for keeping the hype train alive.
Apparently it goes straight to hell when it dies.
That's, I didn't realize that.
Stuart Little.
Also Stuart Little rules.
I don't know if Stuart Little also had to make the noise
of the car to drive it.
I don't know if that was a Stuart Little thing.
I don't know either.
I actually never watched Stuart Little.
I just read the mouse and the motorcycle books.
Oh yeah, those were books.
Some of the finest literature of all time.
Oh my God.
But were they bringing a check of the throne for from ace
because we card king of the king of the king of the king of the king.
The hype train on the track.
You're supposed to say that at the start.
I said at the end.
That's my thing.
I guess the end does make sense too.
The hype train on the track.
It actually doesn't make more sense for you to say that.
Yeah, if you think about it.
If you think about it for, I don't know, like, two seconds.
What the fuck?
Oh, no.
I remember the chat.
And the chat was in the bathroom.
It was a real fun jail.
And we had a good time dancing around the city.
And committing drug crimes.
I was so cold with my little gal in the city.
What the fuck are you doing now?
I set up coke with my girl around town.
I started a whole drug empire with my girl in the city.
She put on a poodle dress, and I put on a vest
that we went out to swing coke.
Oh my God.
And we sold it to anybody.
Really need a check of the rages.
Anybody that has got up a pound of coke for me.
It's just like, train stop.
I set up coke in the city.
And we get a train selling coke.
With my dad in the middle of a skirt.
And everybody dances in a jiggleaboo.
I don't know if I like the name jiggleaboo.
Hey, this is just how old-timey songs were.
It's about storytelling.
I don't know if old ragtime songs are about you talking
about selling coke with your girl in the city.
I can't believe you cut off my music.
That's a classic old track.
I don't trust you to sing ragtime anymore.
That seems to be too dangerous of a genre for you.
I'm out of DJ music tracks for you to play,
for you to be hyped over.
Although I think you're unfortunately close to death.
No.
No.
I'll have to return to hell.
I don't make the rules hype-train.
Apparently you do.
No.
Hm?
Let's find you a different...
Let's find you some smooth...
mmm...
jazz?
Tr...
track?
Beat?
I don't know what you want, hype-train.
Does this chill you out a little bit?
Can you stop saying dangerously
potentially offensive names for ragtime dances
and it's selling drugs?
I guess I can give that a try.
This chatter I don't sing along with me case.
The one that's a bad, bad thing to do.
Yes, I'm glad that this is relaxing.
Thanks so much for a hundred bits, scummit.
I have a better, better banana.
A cordial diamond.
I have a better one.
You chill, chef.
Don't even stress.
Because we're down here in the big, big, big banana bag.
With chess.
Skippity-shot, shин'ba-da-da-da-da-da-di Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da-di
Da ta da na wet Groß.
What?
Wet-eddy wet-eddy hoes.
Wet-eddy wet-holes, wet-holes, wet-holes.
Uh....
Stop.
Work-eddy wet-holes, Work-eddy rep-eddy wet
wet-h ele acknowledging town, worst-setting wetticles.
Stop scatting, w體 and wet-t30, what, wetホEz doesn't scat-right.
You're dead hype train you're out of juice
oh my god jeez that's that train went out hard today i guess it's not a soft landing when you're
the hype train hey this reminds me that we need to um we need to make jeff a theme song
um and i don't even know what kind of music he likes i've never really asked jeff about that
but i guess i can bring him over because he needs to talk about nuclear war or something
anyway but more importantly needs to make a theme jeff thanks for being here buddy i mean
i would prefer to do the news i don't know if i need a theme what am i chat well they're
they met the sub goal days ago and i forgot so i might need you to make one real quick
breaking news why do you all lick the news alerts i love rag time i don't know if i rag time
what goes a little hard it's a little aggressive oh hey my friend hear the new sound you're looking for
not cases brother just held up his held up a phone to his uh laptop or a major record executive
maybe the hype train will finally get signed yeah i'm not i don't know if i'm holding out hope for
the hype trains forthcoming signing but it's important to have dreams and goals it sure is
and um you're living proof of that buddy that because you know once you let go of your dreams
this is what happened to you i didn't let go of my dreams are you are you sure yeah i mean i don't
remember letting them go i think you did no i didn't i swear mm what if this was my dream jeff
whose dream was this was this the hype train's dream um maybe it's possible my dreams are intact
jeff i'll take your word for it i guess required coverage has been requested by john michael uh let's
see what john is requesting mm jeff ripple wraps to the beat of dripping water oh my god
i don't i don't know if i've wrapped previously i don't know if you wrap uh genre is uh sorry john michael
um i posted a story in the back feed about someone shitting themselves at a k-pop show
can we replace the our top story today with that we certainly can
nuclear war will have to wait that's fine by me i think it's an empty threat i'm not sure about that i
don't actually know it all but i'm just calling it as an empty threat that way i get to relax
so relax a minute okay it's an empty thread i've decided oh well as long as you've decided it could
be it could be but we'll find out about k-pop first but first you gotta well we'll do the k-pop
story and then you gotta make a theme to play yourself out basically all right hello met ladell good
to see you let's find this k k-pop oh my how did we even miss this now this is my kind of news all
right now in other news case finally got a news reader apparently that should make it slightly
less insane to read stories which is i'm in i'm in support of that
cape turn this off also let people let the people know that i'm jeff rippler i forget that i have that
and i think it's important that to let the people know that i have my own graphic
unlike you case no graphic what the hell the wait just wait for the page i don't need the page
to respond i need to read it okay k-pop fan reportedly pooped their pants at hanteo music awards hope i'm
saying that right poop yes this year's hanteo music awards was made extra memorable after an attendee
allegedly couldn't control their bowel movement in the crowd i wonder how that stays alleged for
very long seems like you'd be able to tell well if it's outdoors mm okay according to a viral
post on social media a fan reportedly pooped their pants wait a fan reportedly pooped their pants in
the middle of the show at the annual k-pop music awards event photos of k-pop idols who attended
the show looking horrified and seemingly gagging went viral after the incident as many fans alleged
the smell infiltrated the entire venue as the show descended into complete chaos that's horrible
you've got to stop going to k-pop shows case that's an easy one jeff it's not easy on anybody
else what is with this fine exit the page oh my god it froze case your computer's breaking
damn the new method of reading things point okay it worked uh i'm don wriggles i'm not done
oh that is a little bit i guess i'm sort of copying don wriggles bit there don wriggles did a tight 30
on how my butt stinks so it's very well worn territory
yes i see what i did there you see what you did there photos and videos of k-pop idols who attended
the show looking i read that can we find those um probably tick tock do it for me tick tock
um k-pop can i just search that k-pop concert poop okay hanteo poop accident seems to be the
so we can just search hanteo and probably find out all about this uh yeah i got you covered finally
jeff it's about time a fan who pooped in their pants at the 2024 hanteo music awards
steps forward recently at the 2024 hanteo music awards an audience member pooped their pants at
the show it showed that many idols were disgusted by a smell that was caused by the poop the person
that pooped at the show became viral on x after them tweeting that they were apologizing for the
disturbance they have caused many idols were seen blocking their nose and looked shocked a fan who
pooped in their pants at the what you watch out for your job that's a pretty smooth news
voice right there good luck competing with that i'm not i can't you've got that's not a human what
chance do i have all right there's like she has another video worried for safety are you sure
how do i know this how do i know this is what everyone's doing okay i can't take it anymore
no you got it are you we need to know exactly how they handle this situation oh god damn it
why are you guys going forward minji at ease look so done keep telling fans to step back
a person is shit stop it they were it's like they're making a soul bomb for for the poop fan
give him your power and it will clean his pants i think we're making some assumptions about what
what was going through their minds but i guess is that the way to handle someone shitting their
pants can they just leave i feel like maybe the thing you want when you shoot your pants
isn't every famous person in your country being like that guy back up he shed his pants everybody
clear make a make a whole pit for the that guy who shed his pants well but maybe they like fell
over or something i'd sort of unclear because we didn't finish the story so i can do that for us
yeah that's fair in a screenshot of a tweet from the alleged pooper they offered to
pay for laundry services for anyone who was in the vicinity of the accident holy shit was this
a fucking water balloon what happened how did it escape the pants i don't know is there a video
of the incident itself yeah splash zone they should have gotten there like shammu
plastics out for the kpop concert a gallagher style experience you hate it when you go to see kpop
and you end up with a gallagher style experience i realized that this is from the pooper i realized
that many people had a hard time because of me i apologize for any inconvenience caused to many
people i'll reflect on what happened today sorry again the translated apology said how do we know
that's the actual person who pooped if we're taking the news is this is from pop crunch
i trust pop crunch i guess we have no choice but to trust pop crunch and that's a fact of life
if you have stool on your clothes please contact me via message i will send you the laundry fee
those are come on you're not keeping those after that i don't think i think your average
person is is done with those clothes people stepped in it oh no it became like catch the muddy pig
catch the muddy pig the classic fair game catch the muddy pig and then everybody gets muddy
trying to catch the pig what do you mean well they're probably trying to they're probably trying
to grab the pooper like carry them out of there and they just keep slipping and sliding and poop
and everybody's sliding all over the place that's horrible yeah it's like a real follow
kind of thing anyway uh some tiktok user tiktok users even added coughing sounds to video clips
of battles appearing disgusted and concert concern during the award show did they slip and slide
they were slipping and sliding lady citrix apparent well they at least stepped in it yes
i think the record thing is they might have stepped in it meaning he did shit his pants hard enough for
it to escape the bottom of the pants might have been a runny one in a thread on twitter one fan
detailed all of the chaotic happenings at the award show including fans allegedly physically
fighting each other it's uh he released the the 28 days later virus via his crap k-pop groups uh
espa and at ease calling for security and break up pushing and shoving and the infamous
mysterious poop incident well that makes it sound like it's unrelated like everyone is just fighting
and then someone shit their pants but i like to think the shit caused the fighting
the thread also notes that some fans believe the defecation was predetermined because the
alleged pooper had tweeted about it a few days before the show what wow this story has layers
it really does it's like a shrek it's got layers how did he tweet about it a few days
where's that tweet maybe it's in the story we can hope uh from fans discuss the incident
further on reddit i mean it can happen it's human it was just an unfortunate situation
the thought of pooping your pants sounds embarrassing enough already let alone in
front of your favorite idols i feel bad for the fan honestly one person posted but then
another person posted you could not you could not waterboard that confession out of me
oh my god why would they do that to themselves i do think when you say something like that on reddit
you should be required to prove it if you say anything about waterboarding you then have to
get waterboarded if you say you could i think i think you should have to prove it for them what
why should i someone's got to are you a newsman let's find out if you shit your pants if i
could waterboard the confession out of you i'd refuse jeff and that's because you're not a real
news guy like me a shitty situation for all involved it seems poor fan probably feels like
crap yes we both like this one edit sounds like regular trips to the toilet was number two on
whoa this is a good story thank you for the recommendation another person um they were
joking there but i take it pretty i take that seriously uh from magical sceptres to baseball
bats here are some of the best you can find k-pop lightstick designs it's not all bad news
and this might not be a related story but i let's just peruse these lightstick designs to improve
our mood after talking about slipping and sliding at the k-pop concert or award show where everyone's
covered in shit look at this is a little hard megaphone and this is um some of these look
like sex toys i'll be real which one this one i mean i'm not a not a practical one it's not all
about practicality and this one of course that looks like a fire alarm beep beep beep baby i don't know
what you're into and you never will and uh yeah that one too that one and that one and that one
and that one so i was scrolling all of these that do kind of look like one to me did you
just sticks look like sex toys to you yes if they're decorative all right fair enough
let's see if we can find one more video we'll go to twitter and see if there's an even more
graphic video that i might not be able to show if i search hanteo poop damn it these are all meme
responses apparently some people were just dancing right through it wow look at her go
you could never tell oh she noticed might be totally unrelated honestly
but i like to imagine that look is her acknowledging in some small way someone in this place has poop
themselves nice there doesn't seem to be a more um stage floor view of this situation
that i can find yet seems to mostly be the the famous people's reactions
this is sort of like if you're this is like kind of an ultimate nightmare it's like if you're
your high school had all the most popular kids in the country and you shit your pants at that
high school doesn't make me think of that a little bit just a little and here's a picture of
pancakes well or i don't know why a fork's involved i'm gonna say pancakes
what do you think pancakes all right this girl will not get you to poop side drinks
well we're gonna have to test that one too case did you poop when that when we were looking at
that girl no i don't know if i believe you okay he didn't shit his pants it took you that long
to figure it out i mean not one vomit video that's a different genre propaganda my theme
should be k-pop i don't know if i that might be is that appropriation i don't think you speak korean
so i don't think you can well i don't know if you have to speak korean for it to be k-pop what makes
it k-pop i guess the style i can't pull that i don't know i can pull that off i'm not a rap
or i'm not a singer or i'm a news man i want to do bass and over i'll let chat decide but i said
bass and over what does that even sound like i don't know that's just more scatty jazz stuff
your theme should be madonna express yourself because it's all talking
ooh let's play the original express yourself madonna one of the classic pop stars obviously
do you even need to say that are you against giving someone their flowers one of the classic
pop stars madonna is that even a compliment all right i like this can you make an ai do it for me
it probably will be better if you just freestyle it yeah but i don't want to have to think
i guess it i guess everyone else this has been ai generated so why deprive you jeff this song
gets me going all right um let's look up the lyrics to this really quick i'm gonna try to i'm gonna
try to set you up better than i set up chat because his didn't match at all express yourself lyrics
that's from the nwa i need it from madonna so you want to do the nwa one i'll stick with madonna
is this right how that goes is that what it won't give me the right lyrics what are you doing
over there i'm trying to find the express yourself lyrics uh this is here we go now we're talking
all right all right jeff i'm gonna hand over the reins of chat gpt to you and then you can take
care of it all right i that's fine chat gpt chat jippet okay i'm gonna put this into the ai rooney
thread it's fine give it a little ai rooney flair if it's using the other things but it's probably
okay um let's see please um i want you to parody a song i'll tell you how shortly
want you to write the parody all the song um tell you the details in the next prompt
but here are the lyrics maybe that'll this will work let's see if it hand if it what
isn't there some way we used to do this i can't remember i've not used chat gpt outside of this
dream in quite a while jeff's breast myself i like that um please write a parody using the
meter of the lyrics above please write a parody using
um following the structure and syllables of the following madonna song express yourself make it
about a news man named jeff ripple with the smoothest voice and most masculine beard on the planet
that he's a beast in the sheets oops and a gentleman on the how do i say how do i say news
in a rhyme way that rhymes with sheets i miss bill gentlemen god damn it fix it fix it for me
yeah there it is there it is um and a gentleman on the airwaves god damn it i couldn't think of anything
gentlemen in the newsroom that's even better uh citrix thank you so much
putting the world on my head i like this i've got a globe for a head now i am the news go
thank you citrix sorry we're all i'm almost there he's a he's a he's a beast in the sheets
and a gentleman on the airwaves um also he has a he has uh he can also he
is cool question mark uh here are the lyrics to parody and and then it just does it'll just do it
all right well maybe it'll do it we're gonna give it let's play the madonna song
well you set everything up for me case all right this is your chance to actually learn it
jeff i'm learning how it goes okay i'll pull up audition for you damn this is a steamy video
i'm at his manners can't be beat oh that would have been a good thing to include but
what is gonna have to go with what's in there and hope for the best that's just how it goes
that is how it goes here okay recording working oh you're set up jeff you're good to go oh my gosh
oh but i have to find you the to find you the instrumental all right okay hopefully this works
for you i don't know this song very well but i'm just gonna assume i can do this it's recording
it's recording you're good to go oh boy all right here we go
hmm can you auto tune me please i want to sound good whoa that can't be right okay this is better
there we go yes uh huh oh no where's my lyrics get me my fucking lyrics i need them oh come on
come on here we go come on come on come on come on come on who who who who
yes yes here we go uh huh ho ho ho i'm jeff ripple you don't need no flashy rings or gold
that's bling bling sport cars that zoom they never last but there's a man with a voice so smooth
he'll lift you to new heights that's true make you feel like you're sitting on a throne in his
arms you'll never feel alone feel alone and that's a fact i'm getting fucked like everybody i
where's the chorus i'm assuming i'll know where the chorus there it is don't go for selling for less
honey or put your love to the test it's funny what with jeff ripple there's no gas let him express
how he feels then you'll know how love is real okay roses might touch your heart but just got the real
art silky tones that ignite your mind your mind your mind he's romantic even off the airwaves with him
no one misbehaves nope not even my kids not even my filipino son you deserve the best so take a
you don't settle girl you know just what to do girl you know what to do don't always not enough
it's never enough for jeff i'm using it never enough for jeff here we go don't go settling for less
honey put your love to the test it's funny jeff ripple there's no gas let him express how he
feels then you'll know your love is real when you're gone he'll feel it missing the love he'll admit it
trying to move on but he can't forget he'll be back on his knees i will you bet what's this trying
to say i don't entirely understand oh whatever with jeff you'll reach new heights in his arm
you'll see the sights he'll make you feel like a queen with his touch you'll never come down
you'll never come down now you're high baby your high is a kite another bridge what's going on oh well
uh no this is the chorus i think oh yes don't go settling for less honey or put your love to the
test it's funny ha ha ha with jeff ripple there's no gas let him express how he feels then you'll
know your love is real express yourself let him express yourself i'll express myself all over you
i'm jeff ripple let him show you how already or not express what he's got baby already or not
express yourself you can respect yourself this is just the original song yeah i'm jeff ripple
i'm jeff ripple i'm jeff ripple don't forget it case don't you ever forget that i'm jeff ripple
i don't think i did don't forget i'm not yes i'll never forget express your feelings jeff
express yourself shit it should have been that the whole time it should have been jeff express yourself
the whole fucking time yeah fuck don't forget to jeff express yourself just wrap
jeff jeff express yourself ripple well shit i did my best that was your best that was my best
i think i did great well you did it as the best you can say to me is that i did it
hey i didn't shit myself during that even though that was such a fire concert you just provided
again i'm 50 50 on if you did 50 50 i mean it doesn't smell that much like shit i can't
tell what's the peter smell and what's the u smell the walls the wall smell doesn't make it into the studio
so says you i just detect a hint of peter sometimes in the studio well it's because he sneaks out of
the walls that's true okay well look i have a theme song now render that out for me i'll render it
out for you i have to just add the instrumental just rip it off whatever the point is um you know
what sound waves are like a ripple correct you know broken clock thing or whatever and also poop
if you slip on it create if it's wet enough it also creates a ripple and today we wrote the story
of of fecal the fecal that matters was a fecal matter in hanteo but fortunately there were
there were survivors and i'll survive to news another day so jeff express yourself i'll see you
very soon and then there we go everybody's everybody's outros are getting more chat like
i don't have a stinky butt
papito backed me up on this that i don't have a stinky butt and i trust him he's a dog
oh
oh what's going on with me sorry what the hell papita sorry i was on the phone with
the hype train's dad i was doing some um you know tone switching or whatever
anyway i said that humans butts aren't stinky enough for my taste i can't comment on if your butt
is particularly stinky because to me the stink of a human butt is just it's not there
i'm choking on this smell i wish your butt stink more case because then i could relate to more but
at your human level of stink i mean it's nothing i don't do dogs have that stinkier of a butt
that we do thank you very much we have an aroma of smells down there you could never
match and all of them are bad in a good way it's like salt and vinegar chips you're like is this good
but then you eat all of them you eat salt and vinegar chips i eat anything i'm a dog pretty gross
but okay you just read a whole story about poop true ben doesn't stand for butt is nasty i like
that can we change the title to butt is nasty citrix thank you so much for the for the
resub during jeff's song that actually pushes us to having lily on and make a theme later too
so maybe we'll do that at the end of the stream crunchy butt flavor that now i'm getting one over
to this new title crunchy butt flavor cbf just changing the acronym to crunchy butt flavor
and if people tune into the stream well it'll make about the same amount of sense that it
currently does okay do do do let us um oh yeah i was gonna talk about nukes
i was gonna go nuclear on them i guess we'll do that and i guess because she has
a theme song to record later and i can get her feelings on it i'll bring out lily on although
it's always a risky to ever talk about honestly anything but that's fine she is she does work here
so what can i do you can do nothing but resign yourself those are hottest ladyhead chest hair in
the game it's me this is a world affair my second kind of affair i know what you mean i know you
know which i wasn't trying to hide it okay let's see um what the fuck is happening here one second
there we go okay a hot case he wishes you wish you look like me i look a little like you you
don't look anything like me for anything i look like jena your jena darling fan i love jena
but practically sisters i don't think you look that much like her we look the same
i don't think so the devil is here the devil is a lie or the devil is alive i don't know
i could be easy don't spill papito's uh do to do song no that's a papito original original
daily on an emote i don't have an emote case i do need it i need to overhaul the emotes i need to get
some animated emotes going i gotta do an emote refresh i mean those emotes a little over a year ago
i guess 16 months actually i can tell from the people who have been sub the longest
kiss and joe where i don't kiss and joe and tell you did you you said all sorts of weird stuff about
that whole thing okay kiss and joe and tell a little bit let's see let's shorten this a little bit so we
don't cover up chat born ones of risk of no killer of what i said nox and what does
just make it sound even more more deadly and scary papito's my best emote and that one just came
straight off discord ladies high tricks i i should actually credit whoever did the cut out for me
on that thank you saved me from having a cut out papito myself well whatever makes you not to work
i wish i remembered who which particular discord user i just saved that image from but thank you
thank you mysterious stranger who's not a stranger i just said i don't want to go through
discord and look for it very lazy okay potent warns west of risk of nuclear war says mask
how can strike Western targets has that ever been disputed can't can't send any of these
nuclear powers destroys the entire planet if they want to isn't that sort of the
grim reaper sites that's been hanging over our head for
almost 70 plus years now that is a little how i feel at least but maybe
i guess he's just threatening to actually do it well well as i will there's a
a whole nuclear explosion that might kill us all one second fixing this okay
a moscow blood me a potent told western countries on
Thursdays they risk provoking a nuclear war if they sent troops to fight in Ukraine
warnings that Moscow had the weapons to strike against targets in the west
the war in Ukraine is triggered the worst crisis in Moscow relations with the west
since the 1960s to global missile crisis you remember that one that was a fun time for me
you were alive then i mean that would have been a fun time for me
how many people on this goddamn news network claim to be immortal
i didn't i sorry i misspoke horton was previously spoken of the dangers of direct confrontation
between NATO and Russia but his nuclear warning on Thursday was one of his most explicit
addressing lawmakers and other members of the country's elite oh i wish i sort of
booked a trip to Moscow got a hung out with all my favorite russian oligarchs
i could have made them sort of um line up in a row feeds a motor oil what oh sorry
it you told me to talk less about my extracurriculars
his accusations that the west was bent on weakening Russia and he suggested western leaders
did not understand how dangerous their meddling could be in what he cast his
Russia's own internal affairs he prefaced his nuclear warning with a specific
reference to an idea floated by the french president of manual macaroni on monday of
european NATO members sending ground troops to ukraine a suggestion that was quickly
rejected by the united states germany britain and others but if you got if you got some if
you got mr macaroni on it then i mean he's convinced people to do weirdest things in that
i've seen it i mean i won't i i i i don't know you've seen some weird stuff liana i mean he's
not one of the weirdest i'm just saying i've seen him convince people i've got a stuff since that
hmm okay so basically he's just sort of grandstanding as i was what's happening here
putin he's like a big you know he's kind of a little guy is he a little guy how tall is putin
he's not that tall uh how tall is bad me important i should know but he's not one of my favorite
kink dad is five foot seven he's a short king president but he does he would i think would
prefer to be king wouldn't we all know most don't have the will like your case destined to be led
what's the ones with the will to lead sometimes want to be dominated the most but basically every time
i understand liana western nations must realize that we also have weapons that can hit targets on
their territory all this really threatens a conflict with the use of nuclear war and
the destruction of civilization don't say get that said putin speaking ahead of the march 15 to 17
presidential presidential election when he is certain to be reelected for another six term and
that's how you know he's a good leader because the election is completely certain zero percent chance
of loss you can't buy that kind of support you can only beat it into people which he's done
one yep he's he's destined for another another big ol w come from app steve uh today putin also
announced actually why check this out we can do this now boom we've got the power today putin
also announced that government departments will also have a reinstatement of political officers
to oversee and make sure employees understand and receive trusted knows about the russian
government hmm well i mean yeah so what are what are people even worried about they said that they're
gonna they're bringing in a whole crew to make sure that it's all very above bald and awful once i
hit me with the bald daddy reinstatement of political officers to oversee and make
sure employees understood and receive trusted news about the russian government yeah just like you
do just like how you call putin before every every time you go live on twitch i don't do that
they definitely don't give a shit about this network you don't know how far that tendrils go
your y'all not on your daily putin nose briefing what kind of amateur hour nose outfit am i even
working for the most amateur oh yeah comrad blackwell the election ring is that i mean comrad
blackwell sounds kind of fun to say but i don't think i would i would want to have to work for
putin don't knock it until you've worked it well i don't know what that means you kind of do
he loaded what he said was russia's vastly modernized nuclear arsenals the largest in the world
sars isn't everything but with nukes it's a big thing strategic nuclear forces are in a full state
of readiness he said nothing nothing's that new generations of hypersonic nuclear weapons
he first spoke about in 2018 had either been deployed or at a stage where development and testing
were being completed visibly angry portans suggested western politicians recall the fate of
those like nazi germany's adolf hitler and frances napoleon bonaparte who had unsuccessfully
invited russians a past oh my god he's reaching into the fucking war chest his poll not the classics
he's got the disney archives but the russian oligarch version that's a deep archive
what do you think you think we should uh you know what they should do is they should settle this
like one of those crazy russian cage fights you get like whatever the equivalent of the russian
senators and our senate in a big russian cage fight once they just fucking go at it when it
gets ukraine i don't know if ukraine would like that they don't get to make sound decisions let's
be real that's a little dismissive it's a little it's a little country it's not that little i'm just
saying they have no control over their fate and these are the we i'm not knocking it we're almost
my escort in a maze whether cheese has been removed and there's not but the confusion of searching
what i'm just saying um we should do a russian cage fight that's what you're saying yeah that's
mostly what i'm saying but now the consequences will be far more tragic said portin back to the
story yeah i saw you back to the story so important as they think war is a cartoon he said accusing
western politicians of forgetting what real war meant because they're not faced the same security
challenges as russians hardens about in the last three decades russian forces now had the
initiative uh more troops for western border and so we also sent more troops to the western border
so you know he did lightly float the idea of armed nuclear conflict but i do think that it's
not that big of a deal oh you think it's not that big of a deal i think we got a chill a little bit
was always a little bit of a threat of nuclear war
oh my voice fans normal look chat says i was a little bit of a threat of nuclear war
and was there something we'll have to accept you'll have to accept that you're always in danger and
that you don't have control and i guarantee you if you really accept that it feels good
relinquish your control it feels good hmm i think there's a difference between
s and m control and control of a nuclear arsenal you'd be surprised there's not that much of a difference
i saw the ball submission to power but also power is fleeting everything is an act of submission
and that one makes a fine these actual lives though and stuff it's taking this case potentially
i guess whoop someone's buzz killing someone's gonna have to pop a couple to see islas if they
start talking like that okay well um hopefully you're right hopefully it's just sort of grandstanding
and we're at the usual threat of nuclear annihilation which is you know a light shade of yellow
yeah it's a classic light shade of yellow just an apple present caution in your life of like
it could end at any moment but again that's just what life is i guess on some level that's true liliana
but the level you're on is a little unoff putting to me and that's why you're just on that hot baby
okay well that's fine it's not but that's okay like the cold place song yellow yes that's how
that's what that's the threat of nuclear annihilation we're constantly operating at is the cold place
song yellow they should really make the chart based on music hits what would orange be
the song everybody in the club getting tipsy everybody in the club getting tipsy i remember
that one yeah that's the that's the orange level of nuclear threat okay well what's red
it's the end of the world as we know it that would make sense that would make sense but it's
unfortunately wonderwall it's wonderwall why i don't know i've seen the chart they they already
made this chart you guessed right yellow is the cold play orange is everybody in the club getting tipsy
red is wonderwall i think just because it's so poppy it's you know it's classic things that
shout out patience usa is green which is actually above red that means it happened
oh that's how it means it got a green light and the nukes went off and 99 red balloons is red but
for chemical warfare you're in some interesting meetings i really am okay well um i think that
does it oh you have to make a theme i gotta make a theme a sexy theme i don't worry just a theme
okay lily on a theme should be in the style of sexy i like i like that you like that i like
that do a craft work parody hmm let's see i mean this is kind of my jam can that just be
cannot we just use that we can do something synthy fun fun fun with my sexy machine gun toxic from
britney or the tie saviol lamps i'm on all right i like that
dust model from craft work shit that i mean i do like this craft work so i'm too sexy for your
nose rooms that's pretty good i've been toxic from britney i like it because he eventually
lost a mind the toxins in her brain drove her crazy because that's what the song is about
because it's more that she's been in a lot of bad relationships i'm saying the same thing
the same thing okay well we'll save your song for the end of the stream so we don't overload chat with
our auditory stylings i say load them up well we will but let's we'll save it for
about an hour from now um and in the meantime we'll just do another segment so you can really
mull it over what you'd like and chat if you can mull it over too i think toxic from britney
might currently have lily onna the most intense almond tossed okay maybe something from fees music
videos i'll see i should really do a music video shoot for me i'm like um i'm like riding a horse
topless but the horse is dead last provocative that's all i mean i've been getting in trouble with like
peter i'm sure i ought to yeah i've eaten a lot of exotic animals oh lily onna no
what what do you think you eat exotic animals and then you don't brag about it i think that you
shouldn't all right fine somebody's so anti fun today but that's okay because i have fun every time
fun fun fun uh tell your daddy takes your whole livelihood away your whole country everything strips
you to uh ash with nuclear warfare is what we discussed but now i'm done and i'll talk to you
all soon see you later everybody i'll be back for a theme song theme song theme soon theme song theme soon
classic nuclear warfare let's kick it to the streets it's been a minute since i've checked in with our
favorite park man so it's time to send us to the park
um dude i have so many i have so many liquids i guess i only have two but that feels like a lot
of liquids to me okay great let's kick it over to the streets where our very own trip bradstein
is of course always standing by never leaves in fact and uh if you have a thought on anything we've
discussed today or anything i'll throw it in the chat and trip will sniff it up that's how it
works it's time for trip on the streets yes we're back on the streets never left in fact good to see
everybody oh i see some whole opinions already coming in from the chat and i'd like to see that
from the chat we're gonna get all of your hottest opinions out here on the streets
today i'll find them your opinions actually they're they're people and not enough people realize
that that your opinions are in fact a consciousness that's floating around out here
for me to gobble up at will let me i'm gonna try to actually use my new system to not miss your
opinions too and that's a little trick from trip daddy to you i have so many liquids guess i
only have two that's a that's a case thought sometimes he could keep some thoughts in the chamber
but instead block block he's dropping all the thoughts
and i'm dropping a mop no wait that's not the mop that i'm looking for let me see if i can
find exactly who i'm looking for there's an opinion staring me down but it hasn't
i my glasses are a little foggy so i can't see exactly what they look like
i'm just trying to make sure i'm looking at the right opinion that's in front of me on the
street this looks close enough let's see what this fella's up to um excuse me sir uh i'm trip
bradstein do you mind giving me my chat with your boy trippy b and i don't i don't mind uh
do you recognize me trip uh ringing any bells what am i ringing any bells trip trippy boy
huh uh kiss me kiss me
i haven't seen you in since uh case fired me it's me mancini smooth i can't believe he
replaced me with a dog that's crazy that he did that um oh yep let me turn this off
okay well mancini i forgot you existed well a trap come on we're better i don't think you
sounded like this either this is how i've always sounded you sound like the penguin
chat fired me i thought it was that dang case blackwell um no you technically were fired by chat
honestly i kind of miss chat having the power to zap you folks out of existence us folks we're
perducers i swear to god you saw i've always sounded like this i just let it go all right
anyway i can't believe you replaced me with a dog watch your tallywhacker them boys like to eat uh like
to eat hog i saw it on the news and tb beautiful you're a christmas ham who's tb
obviously that's you that's an acronym oh my god i love that i love that that's so fun
yeah everybody needs to start calling me tb hey tb it's like touchdown but but with a b
and it's my name we're pals man okay i i only believe you beautiful you're a christmas ham okay
good uh good that you stay here in your bush bungalow away from that dick eating beast what
i gotta get back to my job as a door-to-door hog dog salesman sorry i meant hot dog but some
of these dogs i'm selling are hogs you're out of the producing game well i'm producing
hog dogs hot dogs uh catch you on the flippity flop flip trip a flippity flop trippy trippy bop
the flippity flop trippy bop flippy flop trippy bop what are you having a stroke i'm mancini's move
and i'm i'm just you know when i run into an old friend i gotta come say hi so great to see you
uh how can you keep your arms tucked into your coat like that i think it's sort of badass
things like a mobster my arms are you don't know my arms are tucked in here
anyway i said i'm leaving so i should probably go yeah that's fine if you gotta go
i should probably oh okay yeah i'll just see a trip play a little music while i find the next
opinion jeez all right well thanks so much for the hot opinion chat it's good to see an old friend
especially one that you're like oh yeah we're friends
dude dude dude that what i just did if you really want a big dog anyone
play it like i just did i don't fucking know you i did know him that's the dark truth i knew who he
was the whole time but now he's like i gotta get tripped to remember me next time so maybe he'll
bring me a gift he'll bring me soup you know i'll take what i can get i live in the park
these are the strategies of a long time parkman
some people say it's insane i say uh crazy is just a good way to get sandwiches
what the fuck am i looking at now okay hello what's your deal okay what
i'm wong is bongo wong is bongo
parents and i'm not gonna apologize i'm done apologizing trip um
the dick eating beast is here
please don't eat my penis i don't know i'll see how it goes do you know how hard it is to set up a
meth lab in scotland um i don't scotland i know you can say it twice i don't i had to find a way
i had to find a way to set it up and the parents just have 45 dollars to spend
what were you gonna spend it on or not man the answer is okay the way they're gonna spend
oh my point is that doesn't help me that doesn't help me um okay so yeah fuck y'all i'm still gonna
make man see at the sesame street live experience what was the deal with the willy wonka live
experience it's fucking crazy man you gotta look that up you do feel like you'd fit in with that
experience based on the facts i have about it via tiktok osmosis i don't no i actually don't
are you gonna eat my penis your eyes are is that a side effect of drug use what's going on in your
eyes i'm gonna leave i'm gonna i'm gonna go extra lazy where it's only he doesn't even move your
head um okay people do eat penis for meth it's like a watch me eat this and give me meth or
i guess they suck it but that's not eating it okay well look um i hope you get your life together
we're only fast together i sell all my lemons go it doesn't eat my eye oh my god i think you're
unwell i'm a little praying i don't think comes back every time oh my god all right you're giving me
nightmares oh Jesus christ all right well um mongus bunghole best of luck i don't even look
luck is for losers luck is for meth dealings okay um looks like we're good on opinions for today
if anyone drops any other one and i will take it but but i think uh for now for now we're pretty
well handled um all right let's see who else is out here i guess um there's never there's never not
opinions it's the way they work they just keep coming and coming and i've got another one queued up
for me to devour right now let's see what this fella's deal is excuse me sir do you
mind talking to me i'm trebrezdy what's up man uh how are you doing any thoughts on the news of the day
what's your name my name is leftist streamer leftist streamer okay listen i don't follow the news
you're leftist streamer you don't follow the news well i want to be a horse okay go on like i
don't want to literally be a horse i want to have my brain physically implanted into a horse with the
ability to communicate with females that are human not horses um okay leftist call me streamer
okay mr streamer just cut my friends just call me streamer but i wish they'd call me
horse but only if i am one but not literally follow me here i follow you want your brain in one
wouldn't that just make you literally a horse no because i have a human brain different that's
different than being a literal horse if i freaky frayed with a horse then i'd be a literal horse
my brain wouldn't be implanted it'd be flipped into a horse's brain but of my brain is implanted
a full human brain in a horse now i'm not a literal horse not a but i'm a horse oh my god
also freaky frayed it was it's unclear how that works if your spirit's in a horse you've got a
human spirit in a horse all spirits are one so that's where you're wrong it's the brain
that makes you human but we're all unified by one great eternal spirit but i want that spirit
for me to take the shape of a horse enclosed around the human brain i don't understand what
you're not getting i'd guess i i get it you want to be a horse but not a literal horse
yes i okay i understand well um oh we also want to communicate with females
like telepathically no i just i like to be able to spit game a little stronger and i think if
it's coming from a horse that's the conversation starter right there i'm looking i saunter up
clop up to a lady i dressage right up to a little to a little to a female of the human
species and i start spitting game is all horse i'm like hey uh those are the nicest two legs
i've ever seen and that's saying something because i've got four legs that's pretty weak
game still but it's it's weak coming from a human but from a horse do you fucking get me i yeah yeah
a horse cocking i actually i would like to still have a human penis i have an average penis
what the hell what isn't that one of the big incentives a huge horse cock is too big man
there's another caveat i want to just implant a human penis
where the horse penis is it's gonna be so exposed man a horse tucks it right up into
their body it's gonna be a horse galloping around your balls slapping back by the centrifugal force
of your galloping i'll deal with it world is walk slow okay well um i've asked you more questions
than i i probably should have it's important to be curious i respect your thirst for knowledge
i don't think that's what this was it is though we're all one we're all one thing
with the slight variations one of them being horse and that's the one i'd like to be with a human
brain and penis and i think i've said my piece and i and i'm a big fan so good day sir let's do one more
cough to the side let's see who else is on the streets the streets this is my theme i think my theme
on the go that's not the way to be a furry lady side tricks you're right that is a potentially
destructive way to approach furry them okay let's see who else is out here
look at this thing hello sir man thing um trip bradstein would you like to talk with me
hi trip hello um i'm it's it's cool to meet you uh okay what's your deal i'm excellent gamer
okay i used ai to envision a fabulous shrek theme walkthrough experience for kids
but we didn't quite hit our vision and now parents are pissed can i use ai to get out of this
one second oh my gosh so okay let me see if i track with you let me see if i track the game
that you're spitting right now your um you created an ai you created you used ai to envision
a fabulous shrek theme walkthrough experience and then you made it i made it but it didn't quite
hit our vision and now parents are pissed why are you staring directly at the camera while you're
am i on am i on right now yeah you're on right now oh well let me just take let me just take
this opportunity to say to any parent that was burned the fire was supposed to be uh was supposed to
be tune fire it was meant to be a shrek world for tunes and the fire was supposed to be tune fire
and that wouldn't burn a human and i'm sorry you got so burned jesus man what did you do
well i made a threat a shrek theme walkthrough for kids and it didn't quite hit our vision anyway i
guess my question is mostly if i can if i can use ai to get out of this can i use ai to get out of this
are you auditioned for a children's show how do you spell ai um i don't know how you used ai to
get you into this from the sound of it oh no can you look at me i am he's ready for the
card game i think he might be did you run into a chicken over here that eats its eyes
no okay well um i don't use ai to get out of this if you've made a shrek experience that didn't
hit the mark and ai got you into the mess i'd say start from start from the ground floor
and try to really learn the skills necessary to build that experience in a way that meets
some kind of artistic or internal expression standard that you yourself define instead of
leaning on some sort of amalgamated generative experience to try to smooth out some sort of
shrek world it's never going to have the personal touches necessary to really make it feel like
something other humans want to experience you know i don't i don't what i'm asking you if i can
use ai to get out of this not if i can get rented out by some old fuck okay i tried you literally asked
me oh my god i can't talk to you if you if you won't look at me look at me man well look thanks
for trying trip how do you spell ai ai good all right i don't quite get what your deal
is excellent gamer i told you but thank you for chatting with me and best of luck with your
shrek experience ai and possibly chicken math i didn't but i am a big fan and i do appreciate
a trip but like any chance of asmr rocket raccoon gracing us today
hmm um sure you know what we'll make that another light we'll do like a 15 sub incentive
on the next stream for asmr rocket raccoon only because if you imagine the raccoon as a
as say just a head that head might need to get cleaned because asmr rocket raccoon has
just been sleeping in a corner for about a year that's crazy oh my god nobody's there nobody's
there sorry i thought somebody was there i heard a voice i'm fucking here oh my god okay well look
i don't add there's no opinion for you so i'm just chilling man that's the illegal stand here
it's been so long we need time to pray he's just got to unmad his fur a little bit that's a
cleansing problem okay well um i'm wondering if maybe that chicken slipped me some math and
i didn't notice no he wouldn't give it away okay well uh thank you all so much for the hot
opinions today you know what i love i love to get them from you and i love to find them on the streets
and sniff them out with my opinion nose i think we've accomplished that today and i think what
i'm going to continue to accomplish is never leaving the streets staying right on them in fact
i will be here next time in fact i'll be in that bush till then i'll be lapping a pond water
and scraping food out of the trash that's the way i love to live because i'm a true news
man a man of the opinion a man of the streets and i'll see you all very soon have a beautiful
one i'm trippy being getting sued by disney hey sometimes i look over and i think i see something
else nah i'm the hype dog because i eat now i'm eating the hype i'm not thank you so much
bundles bro 16 months this crazy i does that a lot of time that's a fair amount of time i don't
get how time works i know because because you're a dog yes okay well um thank you so much model
sprout for the 16 months 16 months of this no i guess at one point it wasn't this you know actually
i i set up random clips to play in the pre-stream and it reminded me that i used to not stream in
this particular setup you know because of the priest the pre-stream i don't really get how the random
clip thing works actually um because it seems it seems to play the same clips so i might find a better
random clip generator anyway microphone i know to thank you so much for the hundred bits thank you so
much i just ate them yum yum yum well don't eat those it's it's imaginary online currency and i
don't know what it'll do to your digestive system it makes it feel smooth i like it's getting the
folds out of it until it's one tube that's what bits are doing to your stomach the bits go down
internally 9.3 years in dog years oh my god it's been a decade it's been a decade of of microphones
900 dog years someday maybe yay what's been a decade of bundles sprouting and microphone i
had to give us 500 bits to smooth out my little dog tummy again please stop doing that i you can't
catch me that's true he's very squirrely okay well um let's do another story i guess
apple dapple dropping the hundred we're stuffed up with bits
papito i'm i ate those up too someday i'm this close to my intestines having no folds
that's not a good thing you don't want too much intestine it just clogs you up i just want to be
like a straw if you eat it that comes right out that'll you'll die nah anyway thanks apple dapple
yum yum yum hmm well i keep giving me bits but papito stop eating them i will never okay all these
bits are putting hair on papito's chest i do get new hairs all the time a normal dog
amount i've been told but i'll get a couple here and there i'll be like didn't see that coming
okay yes apple spent 10 billion trying to make an electric car before they gave up
jesus christ ap steve why do they do it like this that seems like a lot oh they're feeding you
papito yum yum yum like papito they're the the the bits sort of fall over in his area before i can
even get to him and i lap them right up off the ground that is normal dog stuff i guess you're allowed
to eat off the ground that's my culture and you can't take that from me i'm a dog i'm a ground
eater apple dapple thank you thank you dilemma and thank you microphone 900 maybe it's actually fine
maybe that's maybe it's good for dogs i'm telling you i who would know better than a dog what's good
for dog and i mean these bits up like they're candy because they are to me okay fine fine you're allowed
yeah yeah feels good i'll take your word for it let's do another news
let's do a other news what did i say i was gonna cover today what did i even say today oh
shit did i never update the stream information it's like i didn't thought i did but i guess i did
i'm not talking about anything that i'm saying i'm talking about on here oh well whatever let's do
one more news i swear i wrote out a thing for it to update all these i'm just gonna update the
title to news news you know i added um instagram to my restream thing it's i didn't actually do it
today but because it has to stream that vertically i have no idea if anyone would ever watch this on
instagram but anyway maybe that changed it so that none of my shit works anymore oh no it worked that
time okay i don't bump but oh my god this new freaking news thing is saving me time if you want to um
you want to make it so you don't have to sort through a million ads this uh just read thing i
installed on actually edge but spell on chrome too has made this uh it does seem to be working
the way i was hoping it would anyway uh let's bring in chat to talk about this
potentially minefield of it of a of a puff daddy story probably the wrong person to talk
about this kind of subject but we'll just let him do it anyway because we're not responsible journalists
here and that's just the way it is chat uh thanks so much for being here don't undermine my journalistic
acumens i can't talk about any subject with the care that it deserves and part of that is because
i got my own fucking theme song you gotta get lasers in here this needs lasers when i do this
drop you're gonna play this every time i mean until i get sick of it i'll play i'll definitely play at
least a little of it it's fucking good man people like it which people the people man the people
look we the people okay anyway diddy is we the people used to like p diddy remember that song off the
godzilla soundtrack can we play that as a primer to this story i think if we want to get to know
the man that is p diddy it's important to take in the totality of of who he's been culturally and part
of that is um the come with me music video where it's it's godzilla i think we just needed that's
like it's context for what we're about to talk about look at the production values on here he
basically made his own godzilla movie to promote the movie godzilla and also it was somehow a tribute to
to um notorious bi g even though it's also promoting and there okay this is maybe this
is given what we're about to read this might be maybe not in the best taste actually that is
striking me that maybe this is yeah obviously but look then godzilla attacks look it was all a
dream he's dreaming and then godzilla attacks as of now dozens of people are reported killed
thousands of others injured civil defense have you seen this music video before i've seen it
yeah i don't understand hundreds of thousands of people and i think it's important to show
this to people the largest evacuation in the history of this city and many people many many people
this is see i'm sure the positives this is why people used to respect puff daddy is
he keeps his cool like look at this he just fucking dodged a bus
that hit like a 70th story apartment would you keep your cool like that look at him he's just
fucking chill as fuck no way anyway um he said uh see my fall see i'm false
so that might be relevant to what we're about to talk about
i don't think we're submitting puff daddy come with me from the godzilla soundtrack as as
the evidence no i am let's get a little bit more of it shut i think we've had enough
i haven't though my daddy paid for those jets and he's flying them dude look at that
that explosion did not affect him much i'm just saying those are the parts about him that it's
important to remember there's there's parts about him that are good look how fucking fastest
elevators going they don't make elevators like this anymore it's a he might want it to slow down
though because it could lead to some problems if he's not careful oopsie that's an industrial
strength elevator right there he does willy wonka into fucking does that's a move that only
prime puff daddy could pull off willy wonka elevator into the sky straight into dubs straight
into white suit so now now i'll read the story that's gonna be a weird shifting of gears because
this story is not it's pretty bad so he did something wrong yeah look below you oh whoopsie
did he accuse the sexual harassment harassment assault by male producer and it was him doing
it not assaulted by male producer no he is he was there's tons of rumors about puff daddy
there have been for a while that's a bummer because i really love that i really love that music video
it's sort of a foundational video for me foundational to what what it means to be a person man
see my rise see my fall turn into birds fight a godzilla that kind of lyricism isn't in rap
anymore those lyrics also aren't in the song they're more or less in the song but fine i guess
i'll read this shit god damn ah man legends legends rise and fall dudes fucking rough okay
producer shon combs better known as diddies facing new allegations of sexual assault
in a lawsuit filed by a male record producer producer and videographer rodney lil ride jones
on monday filed a lawsuit against combs 54 in new york federal court jones claims combs
combs sexually harassed drug and threaten him according to court documents reviewed by the daily
news oh good that's it's short the story was real short i think that's it oops well there's probably
more that i could find for you um let me just see let's see this is courtesy of the independent
looks like they have a little more classic independent uh context for us okay here you go
don't worry i have you i have you set up to keep talking shut you didn't have to do that i
always find to stop this particular story but okay uh the new lawsuit filed a federal court
new york accused the music mogul of repeated instances of unsolicited groping and sexual
touching it also said the man had to work in a bathroom while combs showered and walked around
naked well but you know bathroom attendant is a respected job i mean usually not when
you're a music producer working with an artist usually you're not also a bathroom attendant
just created processes take so many different forms that we probably need more context
to before we make a judgment because then we get to still like the godzilla music video
you're still allowed to like the godzilla music video yeah even if a bad guy made it yeah but i
what if you wanted to be him as a kid you're like look that man i want to be him but and i want to be
i want to puff daddy's brain in a godzilla body and then you sort of wish for that and became that
that's what you think you are i'm basically the brain of puff daddy in a godzilla
is sort of how i view myself why do you want puff daddy's brain is he's i mean he did it all
well you might not want to use that phrase for him anymore um
live in sleazy pointing out a little bit more context for us here and again also just uh
this story uh you're gonna say that this story is has some pretty unpleasant material in it and uh
if you've been through anything like this in your life it's not really something we want to make
fun of i was going to attempt to say that but i guess you said that yeah anyway uh combs allegedly
subjected uh jones to constant unsolicited and alpha is groping and touching his anus
huh that's a pretty heavy grope that is you're definitely getting you're getting a full grope in
with that particular statement uh what we have overwhelming uh overwhelming indisputable proof
that his claims are complete lies he said we will address these out oh so puff daddy's claiming it's a
lie we will address these outlandish allegations in court and take all appropriate action against
those who make them well that's why you know innocent until proven godzilla that's what the
movie godzilla the american godzilla my favorite one that's what that movie is really about
sort of like innocent until proven godzilla in the end unfortunately they prove he's godzilla
they got no choice but to take him out with shit with with airplanes
sure so i'm just saying give puff daddy a chance well but the thing is he's been accused of this
by like multiple multiple people now so shoot it's getting real hard it's getting hard for us puff
daddy fans why were you such a puff daddy fan everybody was i don't know if that's true chat
name any kid that grew up in the 90s and asked them is you puff daddy fan and they will turn
into doves right in front of you can you do that i'm i've done it enough today i'm tired but usually
yes it also describes so back to the story it also describes a time when the producer suspected
he was drugged oh god after waking up in a bed with two sex workers jesus christ legal uh the
legal claim is the latest in a string of sexual assault lawsuits filed against combs in recent months
how long is the string at least like four or five assaults assault allegations long
but there's a lot more rumors than that it seems like he's seems very likely has been up to
something pretty bad on multiple occasions but if any of the most of them have been um
oh god why am i forgetting the word someone paid a bunch of money to make the settled yes most of the
some of the assaults have been settled i think the cassie one was settled oh that's what this is
about in november he and r&b singer cassie full name cassandra ventura settled a lawsuit after she
claimed that she was trafficked uh sexually assaulted and beaten by the rapper jeez okay and
many occasions over the course of 10 years yep shoot oh darn it that's pretty bad that is pretty bad
yep oh her lawsuit alleged that combs brought the singer into ostentatious fast-paced and
drug-filled lifestyle not long after she met him and signed her to his label and when she was 19 when
he was 37 hmm well this that is about 20 years there cassie said that the pattern of abuse began
as soon as their relationship started and that she was trying to end in 2018 he forced her into
los angeles home and then sexually assaulted her but that might not be the only time yeah it's
pretty it's pretty that whole suit is pretty dark shoot enjoy unlimited access to 70 million
ad-free songs well on the lighter side of news amazon music don't read the the whole
point of this is to remove the ads well it made it look more like the news so that's not fair
anyway he vehemently denies the allegation through his lawyer both he and cassie said
this element was reached amicably so they did settle and maybe that means in this case
water under the bridge um yeah if it's like poisonous water that ruined 10 years of someone's
life it's under the bridge you think the god zilla song is on amazon music shoot i part of
me wants to check obviously but now i'm not now having full context i don't feel great about how
much i i liked the god zilla song liked well look i do believe in separating art from the artist
but in this case i was a fan of the artist himself so for me it was sort of a complete package
and i am gonna wait and pray that all of this is just some big misunderstanding
but it does not look my official stance is it does not look good for ditty and that it
it might actually it does seem like maybe he did a couple things wrong a couple a couple
a couple decades worth of things wrong and that is a couple decades too many perhaps
i hate to be a fake fan but fuck i know this is hard for you chat it's hard for me chat
i i'm and i will not call myself a victim but i am hurt and and i appreciate you having me
in your thoughts well i don't have you in my thoughts that's so ice cold man but but fine i
mean we're all dealing with this in our own way screw diddy west coast forever i does this mean
the west coast wins um well i don't know if we really want to look into things chug night was up
to either but i guess he's faced more consequences for them than diddy until now at least venessa has
a fun story about chug night oh yeah that time venessa called chug night um she called silo
green she might have called him rick ross venessa um from g4 once ran into chug night and took a
picture with him and i think called him either silo green or rick ross and she said that uh
that it felt like she she was in actual physical danger for a moment so yeah she's not there that's
the that's the charisma of of venessa g a real g lady satrix it's really grossing how many grown
men feel comfortable being with young ladies whose brains haven't finished forming yet yeah 19 is
is pretty young yeah that that's pretty young that's true but you know they were just they
meant naturally through him having an empire of teenage female girls that sing for him so okay
that doesn't sound good when i say it out loud okay okay i'm seeing i'm seeing how maybe maybe
maybe i shouldn't be this big of a maybe i shouldn't be this big of a fan of pot daddy
can i still like the movie godzilla you can but i mean why um have you seen it i have seen it
matthew broadrick i think sarah michelle galler no sarah jessica parker
maybe who is the lady in godzilla no it's maria patilo shit well it's one of my favorite
movies you don't even know who's it's not even who's in it hankers area you just saw that on the screen
the eggs at the end and then one they set it up for a sequel that never came
okay i'll admit importaste for me to hype up diddy so hard at the top there but
check out godzilla i'm gonna i'm gonna say don't check out any godzilla movie other than the american
godzilla you're really gonna deny them the pleasure of hankers area matthew broadrick and maria patilo
running around yankee stadium fighting little baby godzillas okay fine check out godzilla if you
want to but i'll add this maybe don't buy the soundtrack it sucks it sucks but until unless he
clears his name and fingers crossed that this is somebody just got confused just some crossed wires
but it does sound like those wires would have to have been like kind of professionally crossed
like someone tried to make a black hole out of wires by crossing them so intensely
it looks pretty bad it does look pretty bad shoot well um don't tell chat about matthew broadrick's past
what oh yeah paris bealer took a couple days off from being a decent human being potentially
well we'll save that um we'll save that for another time no i actually i'm less i i know
the broad strokes of the matthew broadrick um controversy but not enough to if it's something
to do with possibly i think drunk driving or just dangerous driving man slaughter basically but
i think it was ruled unintentional but he could drive so good in the movie
was the two guys who stole this car that drove it most of the time oh yeah anyway it's just for
full context in case and just so i'm not slandering him with it what making it sound better or worse than
it was he killed two people while driving on the wrong side of the road oh shit so pretty bad yep
that's you know unfortunately i don't know what i don't even have to say about that one in ireland
unfortunately not in ireland oh no it wasn't ireland oh you're right well does that make it
better it is a little confusing yeah i guess i guess that yeah i you know my brother had to drive
in ireland he stayed on the right wrong side of the road the whole time but even what you just said
like your instinct is to fucking go hard into one lane now when all the traffic's going the other
way i'm just saying can we cut him a break well we've we've cut him a break we you know he's
had a whole career so the break has been cut okay but i once again bad phrasing on my part geez case
come on man can you show a little bit of empathy can you maybe not try to make a joke out of everything
shut you just played the whole puff daddy video before talking about a sexual allegation story
and you let me do it that's true you could have given me a heads up i did though but you
then you could have stopped me that's also that is true diplomatic immunity yeah i think
that's why he got off because you can't trust you can't try an irish person for driving wrong
ever and that's called double ish double irish name nitty no that well that's that's not right but
but i think we should move on okay well um shoot this maybe this doesn't feel like i just want
to lighten the mood macho macho chat huh come on it's tearing you up a little bit i'm fine
okay yeah see and you're gonna get me the lasers sure i'll get you the lasers chat finally
that's all i've ever asked for is my own song and lasers for when it plays all right well chat thanks
for being here uh and for covering these stories that uh honestly i shouldn't have really had you talk
about yeah that's that's just all part of the job is me crushing crushing these kinds of stories no
problem laser chip will be unstoppable and we never stopped talking today i talked through this whole
story of of honestly pretty bad stuff and uh and now i'm still talking but the time comes when i
must stop and i guess that time is currently because i'm stopping because i'm chat in the news was what i
said and but now it's not because i'm saying bye and that's and that's the big cheddar of the day
so let's cheese it bye thank you chat chats in the back no chat's not in the back that's where
chat is sorry okay let's um let's do the bait then we'll make a lily on a theme song then we'll get
out of here for the day do do do do munch and crumb they've um their scores getting precariously close
to one another's i don't know what'll happen to munch when he finally succumbs to the power that
is crumb but we're getting closer every day so we might find out sooner rather than later i don't
even know what their debating day but probably something let's send it down there and find out
every time you leave that fucking win thing on well whatever don't throw me off in the start i am
rel munch cut your current and reigning and forever reigning champion i'll reign excellence
and i'll stick my head up like a turkey and i'll swallow it too just chugging down all that
excellence of rain that i rained down upon you and unfortunately this person is just a moist
fucking patch of dirt that that grows nothing but failure is crumb well uh uh the moist soil
is actually very fertile and uh failure is often necessary to get success so i'll take what you
said as a compliment but it wasn't i'm saying you suck just know that everything i say is in
service of trying to someday let you know how bad you are i i really everybody really gets like we get it
believe me i get i get it that you don't like me but but here's the thing i'm actually so comfortable
with myself that i'm comfortably cruising towards overtaking you forever probably getting on a run
that will never end a run of pure total victory excited for it um excited to see what it does
to your mind if it finally shatters it will see because you're destined for defeat munch and i hope
you know that i don't know that i've never known that i never will if defeat were a food it'd be
fucking shit because i've never tasted it i don't eat poop that's your thing you eat poop this
you know actually everybody eats poop what there's trace amounts of poop in most meats a non-zero
amount of fecal matter has been in everyone's mouth so i think we actually all eat shit making up
facts to make yourself feel like you're not the only person that eats poop pathetic it's just a fact
that is a fact actually that there's there's trace amounts but it's like there's a certain
amount of bugs you're eating bugs and poop i'm saying everyone no no you're trying to say
that everyone does but really what you're saying is i do please tell me i'm normal and i refuse you're
not normal you're disgusting and i wish you would go away okay um look we're we're here to debate
actually well we sort of already were if you think about it the debate is why are you here
and um my style of the argument is don't be munch doesn't eat ash not living up to his name
i will munch a butt but i clean that shit first you think you can lick a butt and not get any poop on
your tongue with how smooth i am yes that's a just impotent there's obviously trace a
bunch of fecal matter on a human anus well look i mean i'll debate anything i'll debate that with
you if you want but i actually i respect the people so i go with what the people want us to
to debate well that's fair if there's anything you want to see us see this man rant about and then
and then me easily win over because i just been cruising to win after win after win and look i'm
not an egomaniac like some people but i have to call it likes i seize it and what i see is in
the distance is you're losing so uh whatever you want to see us debate who's the real g
cash him or venezia hmm i don't want to cause him i don't want to cause any feuds
i don't want to cause any more fissures in the in the g4 host community munch eats his own ass
lady citrix who told you that we probably just inferred because you're full of shit
where'd you come from probably your own butt it's probably your thought process there look
uh i you know i you oh you do from this reaction you definitely do i no i just
i i respect the people so much that i'm not gonna just come at them for having an opinion
but i don't i could if i didn't be fine because my butt's so clean wait is that why his name is
munch yes his name is munch because he munches his own butt that's not my mind it's just a
family name it's an ancient assyrian name with kings how much munch at a syrian name
in the original assyrian it sounds way more assyrian you're the whitest looking assyrian
what what does an assyrian even look like
probably like they're from the region where persia is you don't know anything about my
culture because it's not your culture i'm not sure anyone is flexible enough to accomplish that
i think i could i'm extremely flexible i'm kind of a physical specimen in every possible way but
a couple ribs removed well i can just move my ribs around you know i might know a couple
ancient snake magics what does that even mean racist that i'm deciding what a real assyrian
looks like no i'm not i'm saying he's clearly not you're just an american guy who's so egotistical
you con artist style made up a completely absurd backstory i prove to the people that i'm immortal
when i govern the city for hundreds of years successfully oh my gosh assyrian treenech
um understand someone can s their own d but either own a i don't know and you're claiming
to ena obviously i could sd anybody can sd but i can ea it's in the game put that sd card in the
ea you know what i mean okay well look um just checking how does god okay again if there's any
debate anyone particularly wants to see plus one for munch no what give me a give me a i guess i
just wanted to be i don't even mean to but i think i just did so give me a fucking point
no i'm being without points are being withheld from me but our debate to have a whole song and
there's a vote you didn't do anything the ea line was worth a point he just it's just associating
words together yeah well i've i've got an associates degree in associating you with everything wrong
with the world for instance you eat your own butt but in a bad way you ea out of the game
you're like um you're like battlefield is that an ea game is battlefield an ea game
yeah it is and people were mad at that one so what i said just made sense you had to google if it made
sense should ben cover more news or less news that's a good question we could cover way more news here
there was not official lunch no point exactly right okay fine should we cover more news that's
a question i'm curious about my in my opinion yeah i mean it's a news network we should okay
then my opinion is no thank you i was on the fence and then i saw the man building the fence and it
was you so i got on the other fucking side of that fence real quick we should absolutely not cover
news cover no news for all i care it should probably just be me talking actually now that i
think about it so obviously we shouldn't cover more news what exactly constitutes news i'm gonna say
for the purposes of this debate like should case he could also do them faster like have more segments
where he actually peruses an article tries to actually understand a few facts about a current
event should he do more of that unless i don't know chasing his own tail until he catches it
and then stuffs his tail down his throat in an act of self-illation constant naval gauging
could you do less of that well you're just being fucking mean currently
which is sort of my thing so maybe get off my fucking grind oh my gosh i think i could
eat my own rump i could market the full the fuck out of that skill get the bag honestly lady
citrix i think so so i'm not saying do that but i'm saying well there's no way munch can
uh it says you prove it or lose it i'm not i can't eat my own butt on camera that's
and again i would need a king's ransom to do that make me a fucking poll i'm not making you
i'm making a poll for the debate should bin cover more news um nah yeah and boom um and i'm gonna say
again yes uh this whole enterprise claims to be a news a news enterprise enterprise
it's a news station supposedly it's clearly just some fucking guy's twist stream it's but the
where the concept is news and he covers i'd say if he's lucky one actual news story history he did
two today that's abnormal i i've seen the stream case barely talks about the news it's mostly
i don't know him chatting with dogs and various insane creatures that he summons from apparently
hell via a train it's just a lot and you know what twitch is good for understandable content
like people playing games or having discussions about actual things so you know sure it would
be nice to work for a news station where i could explain what it is it's an actual news station
not it's a man who's like somehow talking to a vampire in the same weird satellite room or me
having to talk to you oh you don't want to talk to me i well obviously oh you can't say you don't
because i know you love this i hate it i legitimately hate it but i can tell that you like it
well look obviously case shouldn't cover more news i should be on the show more that's the
only problem with this whole thing is that i should be on the show more it should be more me
me all the time outside of that though let's let's follow your fucking bliss talk to a
fucking weird raccoon rap way too much sing sing you know it's fucking news is always there but you
know what's not always there a middle-aged guy ranting that's always there too there's a million
versions of that yeah but what if they're ranting to a bunch of weird cartoon versions of themselves
wait what do you mean i don't i don't mean anything about that i'm just saying you know do what you
gotta do oh they want to see more fucking news see but this is gonna send case the wrong
message because because really they just want they want to prank me by having you win and now case is
going to think he's got to do more new stuff well but he really should do more new stuff and the
proof is that i just fucking proved it with this poll that i'm waiting for wait
why do your fists move like that when you're excited
he's a shit
arrest him exactly this is crazy chat enough of this stop feeding my fucking monster under the stairs
this is crazy you're fucking creating a you're creating a problem we got a smooth system over here
that system is you vote for me i win i keep this man in check i am don't need to be kept in check
if anyone does it to you chat finally understands that
and they're acting accordingly they're they're following the golden path towards unseating
you from this absurd ego you've built up because the undeniable fact will be when the doom clock hits
crumb beat munch it's the end for you i'm watchmen in your ass well in watchmen it's actually
a false flag operation so that's very appropriate the doomsday situation there is
is a fucking conspiracy which is exactly what this is
then that's a sub for me no for me no there's no need for me to be angry because i'm winning
i'm straight win you haven't even won and you never will and you never will but more
what you haven't yet and won't you won't he knows i will he literally knows that i'm
and i'm fucking coming for him who okay let me update my spring down now no need no i think i
i think i've got the need to see you bleed points who are you see what i did at the
we were i love my song so much i'm not afraid to admit that i love my song you love the part where
you speak that means it's not a fucking song by definition it's a song mixed mixed with a rap
sketch which makes it more of a song than anything it's a fucking news station and it's obsession
with rap sketches the lowest form of music show you admit rap sketches are music brother on
albums so i have to count them i say rap sketches are the highest form of music well we're not debating
that because we already did one for the day and there's no need to rush these scores in any
direction i said we take our time because because you know i'm because you know i'm coming for you
and that i'm actually crushing you if you tie me god damn it
shit there's no escaping this now there's no running from this there's no running from me
i'm coming for you you think when you add that effect to your voice it just makes it sound more
like you're you mean it in a sexual way what do you what do you mean i'm coming for you
no if you whisper and shit and say that it just makes it sound more like a fucking weird
dirty audio man thanks for hanging out don't worry i will soundly wipe the floor with floor
with him a second time because to me it is nothing oh also the debate was demanded by big j dub um
let's see big j if you had a particular debate in mind it's probably the rap music yeah rap sketch
debate i inferred that because i'm sort of on the same wavelength as the people at all times
it's easy for me
um okay well obviously i'm on the side of rap sketch fuck that means he's gonna
i'm on the side of rap sketch what you picked you got to pick the side last time
so i'm on the side of rap sketch you just said you you just said that you don't think it's
music i agree that it's music we're arguing if it's the highest form of music you got to pick
which side you were on first last time that's not true you just picked the opposite side yeah so
it's only fair that i get to pick first this time oh god that is well it doesn't matter
i think we'll see okay um is our rap sketches the highest form of music yes i guess not
you're trying to fucking he's trying to make the poll confusing i guess not means no
i guess not means no well we'll we'll see i'm not trying to make it confusing it's just a it's just
a fun way to put it actually um so there's no need for you to cast dispersions in any direction
look um real strength has changed in your mind what you've never real strength is admitting not
that you were wrong but that your pity has evolved my pity involved in the last roughly two minutes
from thinking rap sketches aren't shit to knowing that they're actually probably the highest form of
music i think you love playing devil's advocate well i'm shooting next to the devil so i guess i
must oh see that's just a compliment you're acknowledging my dark power oh my god look my
point is um obviously is it does music need actual music no it just needs to be on a cd
amongst music and rap sketches they're like them they're like the highest form of art because they're
pushing the idea of music the furthest there's oftentimes not even a there's no instrumental
track sometimes it's kind of just the rapper talking to themselves it doesn't even involve the
rapper for a long time every rap album just had about 10 minutes of bernie mack talking on it
and i think that was actually the golden era of music when a good chunk of your cd was just
bernie mack like pitching an imaginary fast food restaurant that's back when music actually connected
with people and now everybody's so obsessed with not having rap sketches except for like
legitimate like kendrick lamar has tons of rap sketches on his music because he's an artist
well look i'm i'm not against rap sketches and i i should i you can't he can't even do it i
thought you were so good at playing any side of an argument well look the argument here would
obviously be that um technically no it's not even really music there's often not an instrumental
track it's it's literally a break from the music obviously it contributes to the overall
feel of a cd so i would say it's an essential element of music but i guess you could have
an element of music that isn't necessarily music this is so crazy i know rap sketches is chat's
favorite music you're lying to yourselves chat this is ridiculous i hate to do this to you but
i got fucking feelings chat obviously like cool feelings mostly and i never feel weak and i
never feel vulnerable and i don't right now even but you're lying and and and that hurts me on
behalf of you you're lying to yourselves and if i were to ever feel like any palpable sense of
sadness which is unfortunately a sense of weakness so i don't i'd feel sad for you and like and
that's the saddest thing of all so i'm just saying do better because you know that you know you
don't mean this you don't want to ruin this relationship we got going and what i'm actually
saying is that i'm fucking crumbling wow i'm gonna pass out if i laugh like that again
i can't believe we have to hear this song twice i honestly can't believe that we have to
you know i just won't talk about because of what you're
let's see how well you can't handle it when i just don't talk i won't i won't even talk i won't
talk you can't even stop talking for two seconds to say you won't talk you guys are watching this
man crumb all over this network i can't leave you like watching this fucking
pestilence upon twitch and a bunch of other channels apparently you're crumb
all over this fucking place you're eating the fucking crumbs when you could be munching
with the king but that's that's your decision i'm done talking
legitimately can't stop talking lyrics to fill this he doesn't he just doesn't even know how
to not talk you're crumb believable oh oh oh oh oh oh whoa oh it feels good it does feel good
you're crumb believable i'm gonna update the score real quick oh my god it's just too easy i'm in the
age crumb believable oh you see that seven turned into an eight baby's first win streak
it's pathetic to see it mean so much to you every time i win i handle it with with grace
and ease just something you don't even understand how to do oh my god
you lose your mind every time you win on a level that is so embarrassing
look how cool you said you weren't gonna talk well now i have to because you just
you're crumb believable oh you see what i did at the end oh you're not talking you were arguing
i think i nailed that out i bet i can make you talk i know you want to kiss me i bet you want to
i bet you want to watch me pucker my lips take me out for a milkshake and then give me a little kiss
um i'm gonna beat you in about six days i'm gonna pass surpass you probably
hmm um chromini is running wild on munch yeah it really is you think you're starving me of oxygen
right now i really don't need you to talk you need more beyblade oh shit that's a cheat
i couldn't i knew how to get him you can't play the fucking beyblade song and expect you to keep
my mouth shut this is the hypersong on the fucking planet obviously i'm gonna talk you play the
fucking beyblade song that's not on you it's a beyblade song doing that i'll fucking beat
you at beybades never forget did you i'm pretty sure i beat you at beyblades didn't you no i
think i fucking crushed you into the dust no i did i definitely beat you well but you could
barely no i i didn't i don't even need to remember it i know it was true whether i remember it or
not but i did actually beat you at beyblades like i beat you at everything it's not ego for me
it's facts for you it's an ego because you gotta build this shit up you gotta pretend that you're
winning even though you're clearly cheating i'd say uh my vision's uh 2020 actually my vision
might be about 87 86 which is what the score is going to be in a couple days oh man just never
forget that when it comes to the wins that matter like beyblade i'll fucking crush this man
let's play it out on this song this song is is is the strongest song to play it out on give it
up for me weathering this man's insanity to me it's just that easy we'll be back
and the scores i'm still on top of the score
and i will i'll stay there and chat just just get it together listen to the beyblade song
think about what makes you feel and act accordingly god damn it get in line i love y'all see you soon
oh yeah gun to wipe me swallowing coffee straight on the windpipe
this audience can't stop applauding the beyblade burst song
and who can blame them all right well crumb's really coming up it's the crumb up
it's been foretold for generations and it's finally happening
what else is finally happening to play us off today i guess let's um i'll let dj music do this
with uh liana actually send it over to the roof where liana standing by to create her own track
i can't remember the options but there were some good ones so you have any new ones
put them in chat and she'll figure it out um blue haired liliana i'm assuming let's send it to the
roof it's time for dj music oh yeah we're here music king oh let's get my lasers going before i
bring out liliana so i make her own track finally everybody deserves a theme song my life's a theme
song some people say life like a movie for me life like a theme song never stop theme song
let me find my lasers real quick oh where's they're there okay
yes all right so i'm just thinking through something we're gonna set up the track
for liliana then we're gonna let her just do it i'll bring her out once the track is set up
maybe an unpopular opinion i think the hype train is as good of a musician is music
maybe the two should have a music off i'll accept the train's musical challenge
you think that's the first trainer i've fought musically
i was actually very controversially attempted to sing against the soul train
and it honestly i didn't i didn't mean to have the fan base supporting me there that was
so that was my bad hype train feels like a safer target i will absolutely battle the battle of a hype
train i guess we'll save that maybe for next time because i did i did promise liliana i would set
her up with the track let's figure this out my charona my liliana that's my my my liliana
that sounds like a pretty good option to me
it's tricky because the ai is um well a case is a case and i both are not that good at prompting
it probably but also it's um kind of right trash can you imagine someone just pumping out trash
a trash piece of music after trash piece of music all of it sounding basically the same
that would be terrible
all right let's find prodigy i am liliana fire starter yeah i think something with a
little bit of a euro vibe to it could be good i don't i don't even have prodigy are they british
that was a little bit of liliana's vibe to it i think it's just an american band though
99 liliana balloons that's a pretty good choice too ramstein ramstein toxic was the other option
damn let's do a poll i'm gonna pull these no muncher crumb needed um i'll set it up myself
that's how much of a music man i am liliana song ramstein is tricky because
i don't even know he's got to do it in english or otherwise i can't understand it and i won't know
how to mix it um let's see twisted liliana which song is that a play on twisted
twisted sister anyway uh let's see toxic rock me liliana rock me amades i was using the name of
the original song here hey no i'm going to put that in there i don't know what it is but i guess
we can figure it out together prodigy was from essix yeah i mean they sound a little british don't
think and that was going 99 balloons all right these are the options boom twist in that fire
starter baby oh shoot you can't even see the whole poll we just know it's there there's
somewhere down there is a fifth option you can see it on on the stream but not on
in the chat but not on the street there we go let's see good do host up here actually
because that's probably it's an early it's got an early advantage this is pretty good
pull up these do host lyrics go i'm gonna start oh shit man it's coming in hard
turn this down just while we set this up all right it's time to start prompting this
um please okay you are a music writer um you're going to write a song this style okay who's
winning right now currently it's ronstein way out ahead so i'm just gonna assume they win um you
are a brilliant music writer you're gonna guess chat tbt up whoa my voice okay um brilliant music
writer um you're uh right a parody of the ramstein song do has my spell do has right
ah sure am okay but about a beautiful news woman named lily anna breathingsman
i don't know how to spell her name actually um she loves to date powerful old men
with money and dominate them mentally and physically the old man loved it uh write the song
in english um here are the lyrics of the song make the parody fit the original song as closely
as possible any other lily anna fact i shouldn't clue into the into the music bot she's immortal
okay lily anna is immortal um she dated we'll just say dated so that it doesn't tell us it can't
write it henry kissinger yeah i'm spelling kissinger wrong um she dated a man named munch
and a man named crumbs um and she's german she's also german all right that seems pretty good
nailing it she's my fiancee she doesn't know it you gotta tell her someday man
all right let's see if it doesn't will it actually do it okay this is oh my gosh this
has nothing about lily anna in it um please try again and include as many facts about lily anna
as possible from the original prompt i don't know if it'll even do that here are the facts i'll just
paste in the facts again oh it's weird not having music give me more music please
yeah there we go um okay will it do it better this time
it's still not about lily anna at all it's the exact same song please rewrite the above
to include the following facts throughout the entire song i don't want to make lily anna angry
okay there's her name at least okay it's got her name in it all right this seems good enough
i don't know if lily anna knows this song well enough to actually do this right let's play it
let's play that song one more time just to gas her up while we find the while we find an instrumental
for her i think we're about good to go though let's get lily anna out here and i'll set up the
recording for us one of my lasers froze this is a travesty where are my goddamn lasers lasers please
there we go okay oh yeah i see all right we're recording oh all right lily anna's got her hair
died slightly blue in honor of me let's get her out here all right to sing her song her classic song
do lily anna i don't even i don't know what this song it's lily anna steve's song though
at least we know that let's get her out here yeah
yeah i i don't quite know where all the lyrics go in this song
we turn that off please jeez what's wrong i mean it's pretty repetitive i feel like i
should probably be able to get it
what is it all right well i'll just i'll just feel it out um let's grab the instrumental do a host
brownstein instrumental please okay we're recording we're good to go i'm just gonna go into it baby
yeah that yeah that's fine yeah it's still recording you're good to go lily anna oh i've been
good to go darling let me up with this instrumental okay
baby lawyer on a blue wig maybe i've never claimed to not be a baby lawyer on a blue wig who knows
anything is possible don't don't don't go that's what was this it's just just let's just off
you have shoot you have me lily anna yo you have you have me yo you have you have me lily anna
You! You have! You have me!
Liliana, the chicken-pull steak guy.
Do, do, do. Do you want until death?
Do you part to be faithful to her every day?
Liliana! No! No!
Do you? Do you, Liliana?
I like that more.
Do! Do you! Do you, Liliana?
Sure.
Ya!
You have me! Do be faithful!
Do you want to wait until death?
Do you part, Liliana?
There's a good writing here.
Do you want until death?
Do you part to be faithful to her every day?
There's Liliana!
Liliana!
Okay.
Liliana. Brefing Schmidt. She's the one.
Dominating powerful men.
It's her fun. They adore her.
She got them in a bind.
Dear Mona Liliana.
She's one of a kind.
From Kissinger to Munch and Crumb.
German beauty. She always overcomes Liliana.
Yeah? Liliana!
Yeah? Do you, Liliana?
I think.
Do you, Liliana? Do you!
Yes?
This is coming from...
I'm going to incorporate twitch chat into my theme.
Quit twitching.
Both your fingers might stink.
What else do you think?
You check my prostate!
You check my prostate!
Don't do me.
You check my prostate!
You check my prostate!
You check my prostate!
And oh, Liliana, she's doing stuff.
She's the one and she is extra tough.
Liliana!
Brefing Schmidt.
Liliana Brefing Schmidt.
She's the one dominating old men.
It is her fun.
Liliana!
Liliana.
Yeah? God, darling.
They adore her.
She's got them in a bind.
Dear Mona Liliana.
She is one of a kind.
From Kissinger on the way.
To Munch and Crumb.
To Crumb and Beauty.
We're always overcome.
But I'm not even German necessarily.
It's not clear where I'm from.
I've got some common with other people on this network.
I'd like to keep it that way.
But come off German, it's just no...
It's an amalgamation of accents.
I'll respect them as a country.
I'll respect all places.
I'll serve them nations with powerful leaders
that I will mentally dominate.
That is my domain.
Liliana.
I need this.
That's another easy music hit.
Yep. Oh, you burped.
Yeah, I burped.
Oh!
Bow, bow.
You want to play us off today, Liliana?
Sure, let me do my thing.
Um...
I just dropped a heartbeat.
I'll do it for free.
I'm doing that shit for dorks.
I'm down in Germany.
Internationally,
I could crack out a thousand hits for free.
Like I'm on the goddamn punch machine.
I'll be hitting every note
and I'll be hitting it so clean.
But I'm done with the stream.
That's another in the bag.
Let's raid someone
because that's always the plan.
Liliana on the roof
which means I'm on top.
But it also means
it's time for the stream to stop.
And you know
I'm gonna raid one of my favorites a lot.
Ricky Peacock.
Here we go.
That's a stream.
We dropping hits
like it's so obscene.
Ricky Peacock.
He's Peacockin'.
And that's a beautiful way
for this stream to be stopped.
And let's shout out
to Chad with a couple
easy licks.
Liliana saying hi
to both the side tricks.
That's the lady
and the side tricks originally.
But I am currently working
to make the whole family tree.
So here we go
past the dress and got demanded.
I gotta put something
hard on my bone
to sell it.
But I honestly never know
what I want if
I'm setting up a rifle so breechy.
Reach for the sky
and make the whole pussy purr.
I'm talking about that
cheddar there one scimer.
Make the pussy do what?
Purr.
Ya darling.
Okay.
We quit twitching
but we're still onto corpse.
Maybe like that one guy
I'll turn into a horse.
Or maybe I'll live under
a castle like this fellow.
I guess I'm talking about
a good friend that boy the grand
or maybe I'm talking
about a boy Apple
Apple chatting
fellows way silver popping in
with a real quick chat.
And the NYT
odds can handle that
so to each and every one of you
thank you so much for watching.
Say hi to Ricky Peacock for me.
Hello everybody.
And that's another stream