I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
I love my dog.
Case Blackwell said, test, test, I'm feeling testy, but don't test me or you'll get these
testies.
So much, so many news graphics, sometimes you just forget how many you have.
Have the fired returned?
Uh, no.
No, unless, um, my current cowboy producer knows anything I don't, I literally know
less probably than you do, because I don't, you don't tell me how to do anything.
You could, but all right then.
I just feel like my, uh, I guess if you might be running a little slow today.
We might be hitting a little, um, struggle session today on the stream.
My cousin is still around, although where is my other producer?
I accidentally hit a button and possibly banished him, but I can find him and it just take a
minute and I need to remember how exactly I found him in the first place.
Poor Jake is lost in the hall somewhere.
I'm just losing people like flies, losing people like flies.
That's what I said.
Uh-oh.
And what is?
I'm just a computer chugging today.
It's always a mystery.
You know what?
I think OBS got updated.
I don't know if that did it.
I also realized I need to turn off, um, can get like stream elements built into your stream
and it slows my whole stream down.
That's the thing I learned.
I might need to turn that off again.
Anyway, it's a hype train.
Don't worry about all this stuff later.
Hype train, are you glitching out?
Are you being slow?
Man, I'm as fast as ever.
Some are saying I'm even fanning to summon to be back to this realm again.
But at your own peril, stay here for time.
I'm more in use.
It's not always a mistake to summon me and yet you know you can't stop.
Why is it a mistake?
Because I'll probably rap.
The mistake is that I will probably rap at some point.
True snap camera could be misbehaving.
My snap camera is actually sent to 50FPS but it always does.
Anywhere on cast is whereabouts.
We're ever getting a call of cast.
We could ask them on, um, Thursday.
If you remember the Patreon, which I know some of you are, um, we'll be doing the
Patreon on Thursday tomorrow.
That's it.
I haven't seen casting a bit.
Who knows what he's been up to?
The world's greatest podcast producer, casting G.
I'm assuming we'll get one eventually.
I mean, I have all the assets.
I have this huge mug.
I know I cast them.
I mean, I'm partially to blame too just in that I'm also a little underwater with the
amount of stuff I have to do in any given week.
If I had a little more free time, I'd bug cast some more.
I would have time to do it with him still on Monday.
I really have time to stream once.
I'll also have to go get Puffy Bear.
There's a long list of things to do.
I might notice I haven't updated my goal in quite a while.
It's because I'm like, well, I don't want to make one in Bell.
I actually remembered it to edit this Chris Trent theme.
You refuse to renew your cast sub if he doesn't stream.
I mean, yeah, I think that's very reasonable.
I would say don't renew your cast sub if he doesn't stream.
I think he'd actually agree.
Yeah, this is my water earn.
When I die, I want them to put me in here and until then I'm drinking out of it.
I just have a big pink one.
I found this one.
It's even bigger.
17 inches of water.
If Cass is too busy not playing games with his BYTP boys for us, are they not?
Are the butt boys still going?
Were they called the butt boys?
I didn't just make that up, did I?
I think that they called themselves that, right?
When I search butt boys on YouTube, they don't come up.
Butt is still going.
See, you've still got your fix of Cass'em.
The cast this week, they played Rocket League.
We pay an eSports coach for Rocket League.
Look at this.
Look at all the Cass'em you can get over here.
Yeah, and the Bruce, and the other guy that I like, and the other one who I literally just knew his name.
Lawrence, there we go.
I'm a little annoyed that my stream is chugging this hard.
Hmm.
Okay, maybe it's fine.
You miss Massimo Cass'em G?
Yeah.
Guys, whenever something is technically not working on my stream, I'm so bad at letting it go.
This should be my self-improvement goal for 2025, is to just drop it when I can tell that my stream is misbehaving.
Oh, you know what?
I think it's because I have Photoshop open.
I think that could be it.
I have a bunch of high...
Oh!
Look at what I'm doing, something boring in the high-pens.
It feels like an appropriate punishment.
Okay, I'm closing all these extra things.
Yeah, that'll probably do it.
Are you back to being okay stream?
Look at those fades working normally.
Okay.
You know, I do, I'm tempted to get a new computer.
This one's about two years old.
And I'm curious how many graphics I can force onto this thing if I get a 15% improvement.
Okay, maybe not.
Maybe not.
This one does still work totally well for editing, so maybe it's not at all worth it.
Could just swap the chip?
Well, the thing is, I have my other old computer, but it's very touchy.
Eventually, I want to have two computers in here, like a real psycho,
so that I can run two instances of a certain program.
And also so that I can, we can fix it.
I guess I do just need it to run a six-year-old program.
So I probably shouldn't buy a whole new computer.
But then, how am I a good consumer if I'm not constantly buying exciting new product?
I think I have a 4070 in this thing, if I remember correctly.
4080?
Anyway, we need a tech stream to fix the old one.
Yeah, maybe we should do that.
Now that I know why this one was shutting off,
it's probably just a cooling issue and not a graphics card issue.
Tape them together for double the power.
I'm pretty sure that's how computing works.
As far as I understand, you just get more graphics cards,
and then you build the world's smartest machine.
And if I start with two, who knows how high I can go.
This jacket is a game show host jacket.
It, a thousand percent is it, but I'm read.
It's now a news jacket.
I'm reclaiming this type of jacket for the news.
It used to be a normal jacket.
Maybe it's about time we updated the jacket.
This one's almost, no, this one isn't even a year old.
Maybe every year we'll update the jacket.
Because this one was only like 80 bucks.
Used to be able to tape GPUs together, basically.
I mean, I guess that, it's probably more complicated
than just plugging more computers into each other,
but only slightly more complicated, right?
What was the issue with Kendall's computer?
She had a meltdown on Discord yesterday.
She just wanted to test you guys to see how valuable you were to help.
Now her computer is turning off randomly.
It could be a cooling issue.
I don't know.
It's kind of similar to what my old computer was doing.
This is the computer that T. Payne's friend built for her too.
She had a whole, a whole TV show.
It's technically dedicated to building this computer for her
that doesn't even work.
I'm using a dark rock slim on a 16 core in the old computer.
Live and Sleazy knows everything,
and knows everything more than I do.
Even the things in my own rooms.
Live and Sleazy would know where things are in my house
that I don't know where they are, and he's never been here.
How is it possible? I don't know.
But I have faith that it's true.
Also, though, I think we shared all the tech specs
and Live and Sleazy actually knows what's going on with that stuff.
You can't believe there were years of existence before G4 Reboot.
Before 2020 feels like a simulation.
Yeah, sometimes I wonder if I feel the opposite.
Currently it feels like a simulation.
Maybe I died in about 2020.
I died of COVID right away.
I was patient zero, and the rest is just me hallucinating.
Honestly, my life's been probably consistently weird
before and after COVID.
So, uh, I shouldn't assume that it's a simulation now.
Maybe we're all dead.
Maybe we're all just completing a test
to see who's the first to a trillion dollars.
That's why actually the person doing reality right is Elon Musk.
I've been wrong this whole time.
That would be pretty disappointing, though,
if when you die they're like, no, it was all about the money.
And you lost.
And Elon won.
Um, if you died when, uh, then who did I meet at the comedy show?
Mmm.
Just, uh, you know, an empty homunculus.
A different empty homunculus.
It's like risk-cutters a love story,
and this afterlife is just a few degrees shittier than I am.
Yeah, yeah, I would, I, you know, I really can't imagine an afterlife.
How would you keep humans happy?
That's the problem with paradise,
is we kind of need it to be a little bit shitty.
Otherwise we just get antsy.
We need ceaseless problems to kind of occupy our minds with.
So maybe we're already in heaven, guys.
Woo!
Yay!
I didn't have a good song cue for that,
so we just get this victory music.
The Matrix figured that out?
Yeah, they just made it 90s,
they did it in the 90s forever.
They're like, the happiest humans can be
is in 90s New York City.
So we're just gonna go with that.
And maybe they were right.
This is heaven, boyos.
I let the hype train just die today, by the way.
It just died.
But thank you to, uh...
Let me turn on my alerts here.
Thank you to Dilemma for the 100 bits,
Apple DApple for the 100,
Big J-Dump for the 200,
Pedrito8777, thanks for the resub.
With the Prime, always a good time.
Just subscribe with the Prime.
Propaganda, thank you so much for the 26 months.
And Cade Kiyoko, in case I missed it yesterday.
Thank you as well.
Early 90s, while they still had peep shows.
The Paradise for Live and Sleazy.
Back when I could go to Amsterdam
and still see a good peep show.
I'm assuming as someone who's been to Amsterdam
live in Sleazy, you could probably correct me.
And there probably are still peep shows in Amsterdam,
I'm not sure.
But it seems like there's gonna be peep shows anywhere.
Anyway, we already got a lot of segments today.
Oh, we're drowning in segments.
Um...
So I guess I should get to it.
Peek Life was during the dial-up era?
I think I had more fun in the aughts
than I did in the 90s.
Because in the 90s, I was...
I was still child.
In the aughts, at some point,
I was in my 20s.
By 2006, right?
Yes, that's how math works.
I had a pretty good time in my 20s.
And also now is fine other than the world,
seemingly being a huge mess.
But for me, it's honest.
For me, I'm honestly doing pretty good.
So...
Uh, the 90s, I had sick rollerblades.
That's true, rollerblading.
Was it its peak in the 90s, or was that more of the late 80s?
When did they make those 90s rollerblading videos?
I'm saying it, 90s rollerblading videos.
Or were those 80s rollerblading videos?
Look at this guy.
Look at this guy.
Say yes. Good afternoon, good evening, and good night.
Whoa!
That guy just pretending it's the 90s.
Is that even really a 90s guy?
97 prime WWF year.
But now people say that it's a new golden age
of Vince McMahon-less wrestling.
Which I do count as an improvement,
even if the product could be better or worse.
I've really kept up with wrestling a little bit less than I used to.
I have to say.
But when I check in for the big matches and stuff,
it still seems like they're in kind of a hot streak.
In the 90s, my innocence in cups with lead paint.
Yeah, that lead paint made our brain stronger.
That is Jinko the Man, the spirit of Jinko.
Alright, well let's punish ourselves with some news.
Spoiler alert, you know.
More pretty bad news, even since Monday.
Depending on where you get your news.
You could have heard bad news from any number of sources.
But now you get to hear it from me. Let's check out some news.
It's still your design!
Don't let them take it from you.
Yes!
The Old Mortals!
Eww!
At last!
I've made it
to this terrible news program.
To torture all of you!
With what are we talking about today, Case?
I'd like to know.
Oh great, it's the devil. Yes!
I have returned!
But I didn't look up a story.
I was going to talk about Israel breaking the Gaza ceasefire.
Oh, what?
Eww.
It's a little bit much.
It's a little bit much for me.
We do a dick story, maybe?
Isn't this up your alley?
It's just...
It's a little blunt.
They've got no sense of style.
It's just very direct and grotesque.
You know, it's not even like a bet.
Like, you can have the world's...
It'll be the world's strongest man, but I just give them really strong pinkies.
They can lift anything with their pinky, but then everyone's like...
You know, lifting stuff with your pinky, who cares?
Anyway, that's the kind of stuff I like.
And this is more like a genocide.
Isn't that your thing?
Eww.
Where's Jake? I have taken Jake.
You took Jake? I took him to an ice cream shop.
And I think he got lost on the way back.
How are you losing all these...
You've got a new little guy and you lose him immediately, Case.
He's the father of lies that lack subtlety?
Exactly.
At least there's still some people with taste out there.
I prefer my inequities and cruelties just to be a little less blunt.
And for the lies to be at least halfway believable.
So, if we've got to talk about it, why don't you just read it?
The devil's right here and I have to read it?
I don't want to read it. It's just...
It's in poor taste, Case.
All of your existence right now is in poor taste.
I miss the medieval times when you could trick people by just
shaking a bush around and adding some reverb to your voice.
Now it's like the lies are somehow worse but bigger.
Depressing.
Alright, let's talk about this, I guess.
I guess if you won't do it...
Are we going to hell for having empathy?
Oh, yes. That actually turns out that's a sin too.
Caring about your fellow man because you're all sinners turns out to sin in itself.
There's no escape for you. You're coming to see me.
I'm the principal of all of you.
God, it's an ally. He's just even more vindictive than I am.
Okay, well, you're the devil though, so I don't know if I can trust what you say.
I mean, I'm more trustworthy than some of the guys you're listening to.
I'll just put it that way.
Alright.
Now you can trick them by having a wispy blonde comb over.
That one is just crazy.
Like, I wouldn't even have to wear a mask nowadays.
I used to have to make myself look like Richard Gere.
What? Just as an example, sometimes I'd look like Richard Gere.
Sometimes I'd look like El Pacino.
Those are two relatively famous recent actors.
Sometimes I'd look like Joan of Arc. I don't know, whatever.
Okay.
Gerbils?
That was sort of the beginning of the end for me.
Again, the Nazis are just so on the nose.
Oh, okay.
Spanish Inquisition.
Now, there's one I could get behind.
Lots of religious dogma.
The torture was way more exciting back then.
Well, I guess I'll read this next to the devil.
I guess you will mortal.
I don't want to.
I don't like to read.
Not a reader.
That's okay.
No, I don't want to.
You can't switch me out of here.
Cases fricking buttons aren't working again.
Just a second.
Reduce to tech support.
That's what's become of, that's what's happened to the devil, I guess.
Just, it's still me.
This is ridiculous.
One second, everyone.
One moment, please.
Maybe I can do it this way.
Yes, there we go.
What the frick?
Okay.
There we go.
Now it's finally working.
Okay.
That's a box.
The Trump administration on Tuesday, that's not even it.
That's the different story.
Jesus, this is...
You sure you don't want to read this to the devil?
This is all you.
This one's on you.
Devil, can you tell Elon to chill out a bit?
Ugh.
I just don't like having to talk to him.
Believe me, he sold me his soul.
Right away.
Young age, too.
And I recently returned it.
It's like this thing keeps catching on fire.
Trying to ride his soul around hell.
And it is insane.
Shoots off in the wrong direction, even though it's supposed to be a self-driving soul.
Okay, now you're blaming other people for being too on the nose of the devil.
I'm just trying to describe my product experience.
He claimed that it was a soul that could really rocket me around hell.
And it does not function that well.
I jam his soul up my ass, like I do with every soul.
And I use its power to propel me with a spectral wave of devilish gas.
That's how I travel.
Anyway, his was supposed to be way more efficient.
I'll tell you, it barely works.
Sorry, everybody.
I'm trying to...
I'm trying to read a story here, the devil.
Who's stopping you?
You?
No, I don't care enough.
Okay, Jesus Christ.
Um, the US...
Straight into this story.
The US-backed Israeli government resumed its intense genocidal attacks on Gaza early Tuesday morning,
unleashing a massive wave of indiscriminate military strikes across the Strip
and killing more than 410 people, including scores of women and children.
Nothing you can do for us here?
Not touching this one.
This is on you guys.
You're on your own.
That's... that's... that's a lot.
Really, guys?
I'm disappointed.
You're disappointed in us?
I'm disappointed in you guys.
I raised you to do evil better than this.
I'm going woke.
Okay, fine, whatever.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Yeah.
It's honestly not really woke.
It's... it's legitimately depressing.
That really works on you guys.
You just say, uh, we're killing Hamas.
You just... even though that's just the na...
You're just saying everyone in an area is a thing and that makes you feel better.
It doesn't make me feel better.
But that actually works.
Because it used to be like, you know, say like the Mongols.
They didn't raid a tribe.
They just kill the tribe.
They'd be like, they're from a tribe we don't like.
We'll kill them all.
At least they were up front about it.
You guys give them like little names to try to differentiate them to make you feel better.
Oh, we're just killing Hamas.
But Hamas is everybody.
And that actually works on you guys.
It only works on some of us.
It seems to work on a lot of you.
That's pretty crazy.
You're just literally blowing up children.
And then just saying they're Hamas, that works on you.
It works on more of us than it should.
You're telling me.
Escape code equals the entire flock?
When I gave you guys social media, I knew it would get bad.
But you've surprised even me.
The modern people do like to dehumanize.
Believe me, you've always done it.
But you've taken it.
The show's gotten real big.
Bigger than even I expected.
Okay.
Well, anyway, they broke their ceasefire.
Unsurprisingly, we were correct to not really assume the Trump administration
was an incredible advocate for peace.
As the ceasefire was just wantonly thrown away.
And of course, this particular ghoul has released a statement.
Oh, this guy, Jesus Christ.
We've got to watch this guy.
You're not a fan.
I can understand our languages, but you probably can't.
And I do seem to be covering it up.
So I'll read it for you.
In basically the same voice.
Together with the Prime Minister of Defense,
I received the recommendation of the IDF and security officials
to return to the intense fighting against Hamas.
For now, Israel will act against Hamas with increasing intensity.
And from now on, negotiations will only take place under fire.
Hamas has already felt our might in the last 24 hours.
And I want to assure you, this is just the beginning.
We will continue the fight to achieve the goals of the war,
the release of all our hostages, the elimination of Hamas,
and the promise that Gaza will no longer pose a threat to Israel.
Hamas is responsible for this, man.
It invaded the Middle East, murdered our people.
Say no, that's more or less what he said.
Pretty accurate, actually.
Pretty accurate translation for us. Thank you there.
Okay, well, that's pretty bad news.
You're telling me, jeez, bad time to be a human.
That's all you got for us? I'm not gonna help you guys out.
That's at least not my thing.
I can be disgusted by you, doesn't mean I'm gonna help you, Jesus.
So anyway...
Have fun dealing with that mess, everybody.
Not really, just realistically, case. I know you're not going to do anything.
What the hell do you do?
That's... I mean, I've got all sorts of cosmic powers,
and I guess I could do something, but even I'm like, what would I do?
I don't know.
Okay, well, I'll see you all permanently.
I'll be seeing you all in your mortal forms, and then eventually,
kind of in your gross spiritual forms,
honestly, hell's pretty much just this again, so don't worry about it too much.
Until then, we'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Ooh, people are using the exciting function of blasting some chats our way.
Trump is taking down Case Blackwell now?
How could... I can't be deported for things the devil said.
I think there's a chance that people who would deport me for expressing unfavorable speech
would get confused by who's talking if they watched the stream,
because they are pretty stupid.
Um, Satan, can you bring back Pappito to fix all the stuff Case broke?
Mmm, Pappito's around.
He's squirrely.
I've had... I've tried trying to get that thing sold for years.
I'm curious if it has one, and I can't tell, so...
If you could stop giving him that jolt cola,
I'm not gonna get rid of all my jolt cola,
even just because Pappito keeps drinking it.
I need my jolt cola. That's pretty selfish, so I approve.
Okay. Future debate. Who's worse? Satan or Crumb?
Ooh, don't put me on that same level.
Definitely him.
Alright, well...
Munch fortunately definitely has my back.
That's probably true.
He devil is flying on a plane safe anymore?
No, never was.
I've really lured you into a sense of false confidence.
It's safer than driving a car. Who do you think came up with that?
It was actually a Ford executive.
But I knew that Ford executive.
Okay.
What level of hell is this guy going to be in?
Which one? Oh, Netanyahu.
Mmm, it's... unfortunately it's pretty much...
It's pretty much all the same level.
I tried to dress it up differently, but...
You know, it's sort of like theming a birthday party.
After a while you're like, wait a minute, this is still just a birthday party.
You know what I mean?
He doesn't get anything worse? You all get pretty bad stuff, but...
You know, after a while it's just bad stuff. It sort of just becomes normal.
Okay, I'm a little depressed. I don't care how you feel, devil.
And that's what I'm into.
But I am not. I'm kind of sad.
Alright, very good.
What's very good? Not caring that I'm not doing well.
Do you want me to care or not? Exactly!
Alright, whatever man.
How many human souls do you need in order to fix this?
I'm drowning in them. I could do with some less human souls, please.
You guys have done enough, wanton slaughtering.
The hotel is very booked.
The hotel being held.
Also, I saw that has been hotel thing. Cute, but horny in a way that even grossed me out.
It's like Rule 34, the show, but then they took the sex out.
I was confused. Isn't it Habbo Hotel?
Oh yeah, that's what it is, whatever.
Save us, please.
Okay.
Just clap your hands together and say,
Dear sweet devil, come give me a visit and I promise I'll save you.
See, that's how you used to do it. You used to make it that obvious that you're doing something evil.
And they'd still give you your soul.
Maybe I said a bad example. I was a little too blunt.
And you guys have really taken that ball and ran with it.
Just some pretty disturbing places.
The devil is employing of the month. Thank you so much.
It does fit. What?
It does feel good to be appreciated.
I'm breaking your stream case.
I can break your stream at will.
Ah, see.
I've got all the so much power.
All right, man. I believe you.
Oh, there's another one, but it didn't pop up.
Oh, the cosmic brain is waiting.
Oh, you know what there might be.
I think there's a slight reset clock, Ray Silva, on how many comments you can send in.
Hmm.
Or I broke this thing.
Oh, nope. I just had to go deeper.
We're at negative two comments.
Yes, very good. Break the number system case.
Is Crown going to sell his soul to pay off his bets?
Is there someone who's in deep debt around here?
Shouldn't you already know that? Well, there's a lot of debts to keep track of.
Maybe I can make it all for.
Well, I mean, yeah, if you're awake, crumb.
Oh, come on. He sold his soul to me so many times.
Another one that I just straight up.
One of the few souls I just can't.
Crumb is unfortunately going to heaven.
The way you make it to heaven is a little counterintuitive.
You just have to be so gross that I'm like, I'll pass.
And then by default, you go up there.
Is heaven good? It's better than hell.
Maybe I haven't really been.
Have you heard anything?
Oh man, crumb gets to go to heaven.
I'm just saying, unless something changes and I take his soul, which I do not want,
he's got to go up there.
Or he could be cursed to forever sort of wander the mortal plane.
Maybe even my main man, JC, is going to be like, no thanks, bro.
Even though that guy will hang out with fucking anybody, to be honest.
The devil is a cast-out angel, though, literally a looser.
You're telling me I never wanted to belong to a club I could get into.
I'm really, my self-esteem is not in a good place.
I don't care the devil.
I've made myself look like JD Vance to try to terrify all of you.
No, you didn't. You look like, you don't look like JD Vance.
No, I made myself look as much like JD Vance as possible,
while still looking slightly devilish.
Did it work?
No, you don't look at all like JD Vance, so...
That's a fail. I don't know, Chad, do I look?
Some reason I don't trust case on this.
I think I probably look like... You don't look like JD...
I think I probably look just like JD Vance.
They're all agreeing. Two red.
You should see them in the...
What that is?
Give me a soul. Do you have a soul, creature?
Do you have a soul?
Listen up, Jack.
Card King and Just Mama Jam 300, Shani, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this, Devo.
You be jeweled, be jack-ass, be alzebub.
You promised the senior leadership of the Dengar trip to Cancun.
If we tank this election and we're still stuck here,
when do we get what you promised?
You'll get your trip to Cancun soon enough.
Spoiler alert, the eleventh layer of hell is...
is named Cancun.
I've tricked a lot of people that way.
Eleventh layer? There's way more than seven.
Yeah, we started with like two or three, got up to seven.
Now we're just... We gotta keep adding levels.
You guys keep sending us way too many people.
Hmm.
Um... I think I broke it, guys.
How low can I make it go?
Um, I think I heard a comment, though.
Which soul would you like to trade to lower egg prices?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I gotta see how this thing still works at all.
Okay, okay, okay. So are those in there now?
No!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I'm gonna stack it up.
We just gotta get it back into positive territory.
Okay, now is it working?
Boom! See? We just had to climb out of hell.
Test? Okay, well...
I'll just catch up on the ones that we missed.
Um, if I could even find them.
Uh, JD went to buy more donuts.
Uh, but was forced to say thank you first.
That is rough when that happens.
Um... that was a question though, which soul would you trade for lower egg prices?
From Don Johnson Devil.
Because we would love to lower some egg prices if there's anyone you particularly want.
I mean, I'm gonna get you all anyway.
I'm gonna literally get all of you, so...
It's sort of silly that I even make these trades.
I could just have you at the end anyway, but I like a little sneak peek sometimes.
Who would I really like?
Benson Boone!
Benson Boone? He's just so cute in that little jumpsuit.
He does flips, basically with every song.
At a certain point you're like, that's impressive Benson, but you will probably need something more.
But he's just such a little cutie, I'd take him.
I'll take him a little early.
He didn't already sell his salt?
Surprisingly no, he's just got a nice voice.
And he hit the tiktok algorithm just right.
Sometimes you get lucky.
Oh, okay.
Still not working.
But that one did, I think.
I think it's back to working.
Okay, well, we have some stuff to get to.
So let's start with the movies, I guess.
Favorite portrayal of the devil and why is it Pacino?
Very good guess.
But my favorite one is...
Oh, what's his name?
There's so many of you mortals.
There's a couple of like 12th century bards that really had some fun with me.
But who am I thinking of?
The guy from...
Rocky Horror Picture Show.
You know, he's a fucking classic.
The Tim Curry, there we go.
Tim Curry, you've got to go with the best.
And the Tim Curry devil, the one that they really decked out
in some classic makeup.
I mean, look at this. Let's just give you guys a clip.
This is some classic stuff.
This is the kind of devil I'm like, I wish I'd thought of that.
Eat.
I'm not hungry.
You lie. Just to please me.
I do nothing for your pleasure.
See what I mean? Come on, look at this.
All I wish is for you to sit and talk.
Look at that crazy outfit. Come on.
Sit. Here.
Yes. Please.
I prefer to stand.
Silence!
He definitely comes off as pretty horny.
And that's accurate.
All right.
We spent enough time with you, the devil.
Well, you'll be spending more time with me, that's true.
So you should enjoy your life without me while you can.
All right, thanks for hanging out, everybody.
Let's send you away to this little boy at the movies.
Little boy.
Was he saying he's a teenager? That's cute.
Okay, here he is.
Oh, the Elfstink's rocking and out of nowhere, man.
Okay.
I'm too young to know who Mia Sarah is.
That's true. I don't even know who Tim Curry is.
To me, he's just...
I don't even fucking know.
Because I'm young. I don't know things.
All right, you can know who Tim Curry is in B-18.
Plenty of young people are actually quite smart, young bud.
Really prove it by telling me I'm smart.
That's how that works.
He's saying some young people actually care about the world they're in.
They try to learn about it.
The world's learning me, bitch.
Oh, okay. With respect.
Respect, bitch.
All right, as long as you put some respect on that bitch.
I'm saying I'm a film bro. I'm never so...
I'm a trailer bro.
Film is different than trailer.
All trailers are films, but all films aren't trailers.
So, in a sense, I'm a more elevated film buff.
In that I can take in films in merely two minutes
and fully ingest them.
Sometimes that means you don't learn who any of the characters are
and you forget the whole thing.
That's just what being a real fan is.
All right, let's see.
What's in this...
What's in the fucking trailer shoot?
Let's see what sloppy ass trailers we have in this shoot.
Because I ain't even looked at these in a minute.
Casey's on his stream never schedule,
so I never get to watch fucking trailers.
The Ballerina official trailer.
Oh shit, it's Johnny Wick.
It's John Wickerson, the third, but his daughter or something.
What if John Wick was a sexy ass woman is a question I've asked plenty of times.
And now we get to finally find out. Let's see what's up.
In Slavic mythology,
Kiki Maraisa spirit that exists in the shadows.
To those with darkness in their hearts, she can be vengeful.
Sick.
But to the innocent, she can be a protector.
So many kids.
It's up to you to choose.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, did she shoot that guy so hard?
Wait, did she shoot that guy straight up in the dick?
Oh, that's too bad.
Wait, was that a way?
I can't tell because it's so fast and furious.
She just shot a lady in the vagina.
Because there's been plenty of dick shots in movies,
but it is rare that we get a close up vagina blast.
Or it could be a nut shot.
It's probably a guy.
Yeah, it's a guy.
I would have been in bold.
I would have been impressed if they went with the vagina shot.
Sorry, I'm throwing off the flow of the trailer.
Let's continue.
It's up to you to choose.
Welcome to the Continental.
Checking in.
I'm looking for the tribe with this mark.
Needing to know is what called as a banishing guard.
Oh shit, this is the one who did it.
Prepare to be cast out again, Eve.
Yes, I'd like to go hunting.
Will this be a large or small game hunt?
Large.
Give me if this one is hurt noisier than the one.
You have no idea what you just walked into.
Oh, there's a declaration of war if she's not caused off.
Perhaps I can send someone to solve the problem.
But by yoga.
Leave the wolf to its prey.
She sent you here to kill me?
Or you can leave.
I'm not leaving.
Your choice.
This is your fate.
You cannot change it.
Rules.
Is the full title from the world of John Wick ballerina?
Well, that title card didn't make it feel that way.
I think it's just, well, you know what the title on the trailer is from the world of John Wick ballerina.
That is a crazy title.
From the world of John Wick ballerina?
Couldn't it just been John Wick ballerina?
No, because then people will think John Wick's a ballerina.
And then they were worried that all the bros would be like, oh shit, that's gay.
People are, oh shit, people probably are that stupid fuck.
So I guess they had to add from the world of John Wick ballerina.
Or I guess if you called it John Wick parentheses ballerina, not only would people think he's a ballerina and then be like, well, I thought he was macho as shit.
Then they might think John Wick, the movie's about John Wick.
And then when it's about a ballerina, is she even a ballerina?
She better be.
Does she do ballet?
They didn't do any ballet in that trailer, actually.
That's a little worrisome.
From the world of John Wick ballerina, no one knows it's in the John Wick universe.
More like John Woke ballerina.
Whoa. What if they named it John Woke?
Why would they do that?
Because he's like the Baba Yaga but for like, for like cancel culture.
I hate, I hate everything that you're saying.
I hate a lot of the things you say, but one of the sentence that just came out of your mouth was truly despicable.
What? The Baba Yaga but for cancel culture?
That is one of the worst sentences I've heard in so long.
The booby Yaga.
John Woke is an incredible sketch idea.
Is it? It writes itself.
Because it's like guys type stuff they shouldn't on Twitter and then they get killed by John Wick.
I hate, I hate it.
I hate the whole idea.
If someone pitched that to me and I was a lead writer, I would John Wick them.
I would become John Woke. See? Now you're getting it.
And then I would throw them out the window and I'd shoot them on the way down.
I'd jump, I'd kick them and I'd ride them out the window.
I'd be shooting them all the way down and then I'd land and roll off of them.
Sorry, I do think about John Wick action. Seems a lot.
I submitted a kick ass trailer for Assassination's Creed Shadows.
More like Assassination Creed Sh-Sh-Woke.
Yes, stop.
Alright.
Assassination's Creed Sh-Dos.
Mmmmm.
I'm a little behind on trailers so I'll just search for it.
Assassination Creed Shadows.
Assassins of the Creed?
Assassins Creed! How do I know this? You're supposed to be young.
That game's old as shit so I'm too young to have played it.
They've made so many of those. I don't even know though so.
Oh shit, it's finally with Ninjas. So you do know what it is.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
They're still wearing hoods.
All I have ever known in my life, I will lend our customs.
Sorry, I gotta turn this up.
My family burns in the name of unification.
Damn, he hit her so hard she transported to a river.
Who knows nothing of the sea?
The oceans fill with new ships but they all come from the same river.
River...
Creed.
A werewolf assassin? Maybe this guy becomes a wolf. We don't know.
Will you continue down that river?
Or choose another path beyond what we see?
We must look for it.
Together.
We must learn to trust.
Do you like me? Yes, now.
And follow the blade.
This trailer is long as hell.
I thought that was the end.
What the hell? Now she's a punk rock assassin? What's going on?
Who do you think are the Sandals?
That served the light.
Hey, oh can you play as both?
Both this guy and this lady?
Honestly, you haven't really played an assassin's creed game.
But Kendall has.
So maybe she'll play that.
Maybe.
Are people mad that it's a lady and a black guy in feudal Japan?
Well, you know, actually, Nobu Naga, a little fun history fact,
he famously had a, well, maybe not that famously,
but he had an African bodyguard that I believe he promoted to be a samurai.
Sort of like a, sort of a legendary figure, I think.
Yasuke, the African origin who served Odu Nobu Naga between 1581 and 1582.
So, while I suspect the same total fucking idiots will be mad that there's a lady
and anyone diverse in their game.
Technically, somewhat historically accurate for a video game that's about
mentally time traveling assassins.
Well, you know, black people don't exist in places like this.
Oh yeah, well, depending on the time of history,
white people kind of like to pretend that black people didn't exist.
They do like to do that.
Check the new submissions to the trailer discord.
There's a much better trailer.
There's another trailer?
My God, how many assassins?
What the hell?
It was right at the bottom?
Pratt, how did you miss it?
Right there.
This is the follow up.
This is the longest trailer we've ever watched.
I'm considering this all one continuous trailer.
This is a 12 minute long assassin's creed trailer.
Let's see what's up.
Assassin's creed shadows.
Guerreiro das sombras.
Assassin's creed shadows.
Assassin's creed shadows.
Version Brasileira, Ubisoft Brasil.
All right, well that pretty much ruled.
Kendall came in right at the end of that.
Oh my God, this way we would have loved that.
We should show a show this way at some point.
Yeah.
That trailer I'd like to point out was only a minute and 20 seconds long.
The other trailer we watched was like three minutes and 40 seconds.
Brevity of course, being the soul of tits.
No, but yes.
How are you doing Kendall?
Kendall feels good.
Kendall has to edit still.
Can I tell them officially?
Who are they going to tell?
Well no, I mean which part of the news?
The leaving or the coming?
Kendall has officially quit her job.
She put in her two weeks notice.
So pending approval.
They might deny her request.
I gave you two weeks notice but actually we do need you to stay.
Or by the complete opposite they say,
Hey actually you're fired the last day tomorrow.
Oh good.
I think if they just fired you without just cause.
Wait, if you put in your two weeks notice can they just...
You can claim as retaliation.
Yeah, you could get even more out of that potentially.
They still have to pay you out.
I don't think they do that cause they literally when she quit
were like could we hire you freelance?
Well, I don't know if that's actually real.
Cause I don't know if that's something they have explored.
I just mean I don't think they're trying to burn that bridge.
If they don't have to.
For over two weeks.
Also they probably like you for two weeks.
I do think it would be really funny though if I did quit.
I'm not gonna get back in a freelance capacity.
You can negotiate a higher rate, a higher day rate.
That's something the case supposedly has learned.
Is she working for SpaceX now?
Oh yeah, you're working for Elon Musk?
Oh God. Yeah totally.
Yeah, she said yes.
Space W.
Is she having issues with the job?
I can't speak on her behalf.
No, I'm just exploring other opportunities now.
Exploring other opportunities with SpaceX.
Space W.
Space wins.
Last job I quit with two weeks notice would let you go.
They say but still pay out to close at the payroll.
That makes sense.
Yeah, I saw like six days and stuff.
Yeah, she quit because she fucking loved it.
Sometimes it's just a challenge.
You're like God I love this job.
I'm too happy.
I'm not happy with myself.
I think good for you.
I'm in favor of quitting all your jobs.
I hear Ben needs a producer.
You're overqualified but I bet case will take you.
Yeah, I think you're definitely overqualified.
I've seen ghost cats out of the corner of my eye in this theater all the time.
Ever since those cats moved into the studio.
I'm constantly seeing ghost cats.
Ghost of Florida immediately quits her job.
That's the Florida vibes man.
I really thought long and hard on that vacation of whether to put in my two weeks or not.
Before after.
I think it's good you did it after.
No, I mean I just do it.
Yeah, I mean you could have gotten paid an extra week I guess if you didn't take the vacation.
No, I think it's so rude to like put in your two weeks and go on a week PTO.
That's crazy.
I'm just saying you could have you could have quit and then gotten paid for the vacation time that you didn't take potentially right.
Oh, no, I mean I don't know if that works with unlimited PTO.
Oh, Kendall has unlimited PTO so that wouldn't work.
That's the power of unlimited PTO.
You're guaranteed nothing.
I don't know how that works with unlimited PTO.
Well, Kendall can't produce this stream because she's going to start streaming now supposedly assuming she doesn't immediately get another job, which is a possibility.
There's a chance.
Then why did case make all those assets that he accidentally streamed?
I'll still stream. I'll still stream if I somehow land.
He's got a stream once to justify the setup.
Yeah, if I somehow land potentially most pro-hope, high chance I might land another 40 hour work week job, I'll still stream.
Because that's case his favorite thing is to make a bunch of assets for a stream that happens maybe three or four times.
Yeah.
So we have to play the split fiction game.
Yeah, she's going to play split fiction with case.
With that other guy.
Would you have to pay you out a minimum if your contract had a vacation minimum?
I think if you had a guaranteed two weeks vacation they would have to pay you for the vacation time.
I guess they did. I don't know guys.
I don't look at that.
If anyone from work is hearing this, they would know that they could actually like scam me right now.
They could skip off the top because I don't know.
I heard when case got shit canned from G4 along with everyone else.
That contract did have guaranteed vacation days and they did have to pay them when they...
But in that case, everybody was fired and didn't quit.
So I don't know if there's a difference.
Yeah. No.
Yeah, no. It's a scandal. No, yeah.
Yeah, no.
No.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, no.
No.
Yeah.
No, yeah.
No, yeah means yeah and yeah, no means no.
Nice.
So, here's a little Windows XP trailer in honor of Kendall's new stream theme.
Spoiler alert, it might be Windows in case you didn't see the 10 minutes of case streaming that.
Okay, bye.
I just wanted to let everyone know that I'm available for any recipe.
Kendall's available.
Find her on LinkedIn.
Here's a two and a half minute trailer preview for Windows XP.
Want to watch this?
She does.
We're in luck.
The end.
It's just the beginning.
Oh my God, they were so creative back then.
This is the highest resolution you could film in at the time.
120p.
Look at that thick ass laptop.
That thing melted through some of the thighs back in it today.
A laptop base, thick, designed to melt any countertop you put it on.
Whoa.
Xander, thank you for the 28 months.
What am I being...
Oh my God, a CD.
It's retro.
Y'all remember those?
Oh my God, you could play a CD on it?
Holy shit, everyone's having so much fun with this CD.
Oh God, we're all just trapped in a computer.
This was predicting the future.
Just an endless cycle of people watching each other on screens.
And Clark Kent using Windows XP.
Whoa, it even takes memory cards.
Incredible.
This is what Kendall's stream will be like.
Taking us back to this beautiful age.
Windows XP.
But specifically the media center.
Who knew?
How do you stream?
You just sort of ramble in a room by yourself.
And you pretend people are watching.
She doesn't remember how to do that apparently.
Alright, let's do one more.
Trailer?
That was beautiful.
I almost teared up a little bit.
God, I hate you in that, Fedora.
I've been wearing this the whole time.
Sorry, I just remembered that I hate you.
Youngblood with respect.
I despise how you look.
I almost doesn't sound respectful.
I'm saying it with respect though.
Respectfully, dude.
As your friend who loves you, I hate the way you look and you.
I'm a mentor, not a friend.
Okay.
That's what happens when I put out a fig leaf.
Happy Gilmore 2.
Let's end with that.
Did we already see this?
This is from a day ago, so probably not.
You have to watch this with your comedy trailer goggles on.
And remember that all comedy trailers are unfortunately terrible.
And there's never been a good one.
So, while this has a decent chance of not being very good, just remember,
comedy trailers are also uniquely bad always.
Okay, let's watch it.
Jack-o.
Tiger.
SpongeBob?
What is that?
What's with the fever teeth?
I haven't swung a carbon years.
I'm a little intimidated. All these guys hit a big nut.
I don't know where to start.
Come on, brother.
Grip it and rip it.
I guess I need to update my happy place to something a little more age-appropriate.
Mr. Gilmore?
We're not done with golf.
I think to see the happy I fell more quick.
Let's go.
We'll put a little extra into this one.
I am so sorry.
I just love the ultimate fantasy, you know?
Adam Sandler being really good at sports without really having to try.
That is an incredible fantasy, just Adam Sandler being really good at sports,
despite never having played it.
But then he did play.
And then he learned to putt because of the hip thing.
Oh, yeah.
Only on Netflix, at least it's contained, yeah.
Whatever.
And that is what you're meant to say when you see that trailer, I think.
Oh, yeah, sure, whatever.
I'll eat it.
It's available.
Someone cooked a burger.
I'll eat burger.
Yeah, it's a burger trailer.
Oh, that's a burger.
I know what a burger is.
I guess I'll eat burger.
You'd rather see Godzilla versus the water boy?
Holy shit, Uncle Phil 2K.
Don't give these ideas away for free.
Yeah, I mean, maybe, I don't know.
I'm torn between wanting there to be more budgeted comedies
and also in my bones knowing that that movie doesn't need a sequel.
It's also whatever.
I mean, if everything gets one, I guess why not that?
The U Jackass guy passed away?
Damn.
Dunkachino?
Maybe Dunkachino makes it come back.
It's all worth it if Dunkachino's in it.
He should make a Dunkachino universe.
Or all of his movies should be connected by Dunkachino.
It should be the same song, and they just keep making bigger and bigger ads for it.
I see those Hamptiros in chat.
He loves you.
The Hamptaro stream, supposedly according to the updates on the Snap Camera Guy's website thing,
whatever, GitHub.
The issues should be fixed soon.
Most they are.
Hamptaro Occhino could be back.
I dealt with Netflix playing Sandler.
Is that budget of an operation?
Didn't he get like, what was his deal again?
Adam Sandler, wasn't it like hundreds of millions of dollars or something crazy?
Adam Sandler, Netflix deal.
And he just had to make movies for them forever.
250 million for a four-picture deal.
It was renewed in 2017 and again in 2020.
Who knows how much he got paid the next couple of times.
Doesn't even say on here.
He made a $250 million deal.
Then he made a $275 million deal.
Is Adam Sandler a billionaire?
Probably.
What?
$250 million for...
Who be Halloween?
No, Who be Halloween would have been on the third deal.
So who knows how much he got paid for Who be Halloween?
Grownups too?
I don't think that was part of it.
He's almost certainly a billionaire if he's getting paid that much.
He got paid $250 million three times.
Plus all of the other money he made in the 90s and 2000s.
Isn't the premise of Happy Gilmore?
Banzai BoFar, thank you for the 28 months.
This is sort of the basic premise that rich people are stuffy
and golf's a rich guy's sport and he's defying convention
by being just a regular Joe in this half-elutin world.
Yeah, it's sort of a quaint fantasy from the late 90s, early 2000s
that rich people had any particular specialness or class to them.
And we've steadily eroded and dissolved that image over the last 25 years
to now the richest man on earth just, you know, wears hideous T-shirts
and dances like he's having back spasms and is openly racist
and all of that's kind of melted away and now rich people can just be sort of the soulless homunculi
that they always were.
And it does unfortunately, I say all that to say,
that does unfortunately undermine the basic premise of Happy Gilmore just a little bit.
Damn.
A casualty of our cultural slide into mutual disgust
is we don't respect rich people enough to really get on with the premise of Happy Gilmore.
That's too bad.
Everything has a cost.
Well, but my cost is actually that I've already been paid for the day
and I'm not paid by the minute, so I gotta go.
This is community service, you're not being paid at all.
I mean, that doesn't make sense either, but just so you know, you're not being paid.
Yeah, but like my time is money, so I do have to go.
But don't worry because I will be back and you in fact do know what it is.
Bye-bye.
I got that.
I know who I got.
Lovin'.
It's what I don't have for this other guy to my left.
He's the worst.
He owes this gorilla $160,000 and it's probably gonna kill him.
It's crumb.
Well, hey, I'm glad Casey's actually streaming this week
because it gives me the chance to earn a little extra scratch.
I noticed there was a certain red fellow who was possibly interested in making a business deal.
I'm very pro-business actually, so I would just say,
don't judge a book by its cover and also don't judge it by its contents necessarily.
You think my soul is too putrid to negotiate with.
Well, a soul can change.
You're literally begging the devil for money.
No, just whoever that guy is.
It's probably not really the devil.
He said he was the devil.
He did all sorts of spooky devil voice stuff.
Yeah, but he also looked like JD Van.
So who knows?
Anyway, what are we doing today?
Let's see if I can find it.
Who wins in a fight?
Jizu Ants?
How do I say this?
What are...
Is that a species of ant?
Ants?
There's ants in solo leveling?
What?
Hunter, hunter?
Is solo leveling based on hunter, hunter?
Solo leveling also has ants?
I guess we've got to watch Hunter, Hunter.
What the hell are Jizu Ants?
This is madness.
I've got to watch a clip so I even know what the hell is going on.
Let's look at these ants.
Look, today we have to do some research for our debate.
I don't like it.
I prefer not to learn anything.
But we have no choice.
You got to see these ants in action.
This is spoilers for solo leveling.
And that we're going to watch probably a climactic moment of one of the characters in the anime thing fighting an ant.
I don't even know what I'm fucking saying.
Let's see what's up.
People are expecting that I'm going to crush you for the record.
Well, I love to defy the odds.
That sounds like a bet to me.
So maybe today we pay out $10,000.
Maybe today we honor the contract as it is.
And I know.
Well, okay, but I'm still coming for that.
Coming for that 5G's.
And for the chinkity of the debate, of course.
Anyway, what's the deal with these ants?
You got it. He's strong.
Sound effect guy working overtime.
Very much so.
So they're very strong as well.
But look at the stuff the ant does in Hunter Hunter.
We have to be fair and show.
And show this as well.
Mmm.
The ant king.
Okay, what's he up to?
There's no clips of this that's impossible.
There's no way there's not a YouTube hype at it.
Of course there is.
There's a full hype at it for the two rovers Miriam.
Look at this shit.
This guy's got big ass gears.
He's fighting this guy.
This guy's big ears.
He's fighting that ant guy.
And then they, they swear off.
Eventually.
Yoni wa kana.
Tanomu kara sono mae.
With these crazy powers.
Look at this.
Look how fast this ant is.
Shosei wa kugutsu no ken.
Sude ni mita shouda de wa ugekirenai kakudokura kougeki sure.
Sono kumiyaase wo subete kenshuu.
Look at him. He's thinking about stuff like it's a board game or whatever.
Yatsun kota wa yugema.
There's a Buddha with tons of hands.
This guy's got huge ears.
Ono-tsu to sono mono tokuji no nagare wo katachizukuri.
Koukyu no nagare wo tsukamizu.
You got it anyway. He's flying around. He's fast.
He's freeza essentially.
So I'm ready to, I'm ready to officially call it for the, uh, Kamera ants.
Well, we didn't, we don't know that much about the, about the Jiju ants.
Jeju?
Jeje?
Jiju?
I don't fucking know man. That's your problem.
You gotta go with the other ants.
They eat babies.
Well, they both eat babies, right?
The Kamera ants ate ant babies.
Ant babies don't count as babies.
What?
Ants.
Ant babies are still babies.
No, Kamera ants are more immoral because they don't, they only eat ant babies.
I think they would eat humans as well in the show.
Look, if we don't mind, mind's making that poll.
I'm gonna defend the honor of the bold and powerful Kamera ants and the crumb
because he's a fair weather fan who's already on to that new shit with these Jiju ants or whatever.
Ants don't really discriminate.
Well, that's true.
As you saw, the black ant and not racialized in a human sense, that's an animal monster creature.
So don't give it human racial characteristics.
It's just a black ant and it ate a big old other ant and gained its powers.
Then it immediately tore the arms off a very large man.
And it seemed to be fucking up a lion as well.
Traditionally, lions are stronger than ants, suggesting that the Jiju ant already has more power than a lion,
which really makes a lot of sense because this thing was very ant-like,
whereas the ant throw hunter hunter, he's wearing a little helmet.
He looks like a little soldier boy.
He's soldier boy, the ant mixed with Frieza.
Whereas this thing's a 100% ant, which I think makes it more beastial and probably powerful
because the other ants sacrifice some of its strength to have a pretty anime face,
whereas this ant doesn't give a shit about that.
He's purely in battle mode.
He's 100% ant and he's scaled up to have all the strength of an ant,
but in a man-sized, a big man-sized body.
And he's absolutely cleaning house and ripping his arms off of folks.
And I think that makes it, it means he's a superior ant.
Chat, I know yesterday you're still going with the Jiju ants.
This does not make sense.
Look, the chimera ant, he literally survives a fucking nuke.
First of all, he's smart.
He's trying to learn to be human.
He's wrestling with his blossoming morality.
He's more than an ant.
He's an allegory for being human.
As he gains more power, he loses and gains more humanity at the same time,
and he struggles with the chasm between those two concepts.
And my powers will be because I'm inhuman
or I might be coming with power because I feel things.
And in the end, this irresolvable concept at his core
leads to him dying with some girl who plays chess really well.
Spoilers, I'm sorry.
All of that is to say he survived a fucking nuke
and he beat the guy with the big ears.
Chat, really?
Jiju ants, I don't even know how to fucking say it.
Come here, ants is a cooler name even.
Oh my God, this is a fucking travesty of justice.
This man does not deserve $5,000.
Why did I ever even make this fucking thing?
Both these fools lose to the ant-eater.
I would have grown to the ant-eater,
the cute little guy with the snout that gobbles up ants.
But I'll tell you what I'm gobbling up today.
$5,000.
Oh!
I'm climbing up.
Climb up.
Okay, I'm good for it today, gorilla.
He's not satisfied because you still owe so much fucking money.
Jesus!
Really, chat?
You like Jiju ants?
How popular is solo level?
I think we underestimated the popularity of solo level.
It seems that people really quite like it.
And I really went, I only owe.
I've already wiped out.
Over 10% of his debt.
Have you really?
Wait, I thought Krum only got money when he...
We changed the arrangement.
Never should have changed this fucking arrangement.
It was perfect before.
Well, you did, and then I got it in writing.
Now it's when I win, but Munch gets to choose the side that I have to defend.
Today he made the fatal error of choosing the vastly inferior chimera ant.
Vastly inferior...
You see that thing rocking it around?
He's flying around at superhuman speeds.
Ripping up legs off of old guys.
Kind of not that.
Solo leveling really is just that good.
Guess we gotta watch it.
What's even good about it?
This is a lion guy.
There's lion guys in all sorts of stuff.
There's lion guys in Thundercats.
Why do we need new lion guys?
I think there's a lion guy in a Hunter Hunter.
There's a lion ant.
The ants in Hunter Hunter, I'll give it to...
I'll give it to solo leveling on this one.
The ants in Hunter Hunter don't make much fucking sense.
There's a type of ant that eats other creatures and gains their characteristics.
So there's ants of all sorts of types.
It's visually...
There, it's hard to be out there.
There's an ant in some cases.
Sometimes they just straight up look like a little lion furry.
So maybe that's why.
Check out Confused by the...
We're talking about who's stronger.
Not who's got a more reasonable aesthetic.
You're crumb believable.
There's a lion guy in the White House.
Oh!
We were...
Yes!
Rousted!
Whoa, what is wrong with you?
I'm feeling high, baby.
I'm making money back.
People say gambling is a problem.
Well, I'm finding solutions.
You!
You!
What do you think rock and roll is?
It's in my soul.
Daddy got a couple of jelly beans.
What?
That's one of my favorite rock songs.
Daddy got a couple of jelly beans.
That's not a real song.
Really?
Then how does this exist?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Ahem.
This is not a rock song!
It's one of my favorite rock songs.
Daddy got a couple of jelly beans.
Just accept that you made up a bad rock song.
Accept it.
Nope.
It's a real song.
You're lucky that I don't unleash this gorilla on you right now.
It's the gorilla's choice.
You don't control this gorilla.
Really?
Get him, gorilla!
Unleash your fury on him!
Gorilla?
Get him!
He's too busy playing right now to hear me.
You have no control over the gorilla.
I'm motivated purely by money.
And rock and roll.
And I bet he'd play this song.
Daddy got a couple of jelly beans once I clear his debt.
My debt.
So that's a promise.
When I clear my debt, we'll finally unveil the new, the classic rock song.
Daddy got a couple of jelly beans.
That makes it worse.
That makes me want you to have money even less.
God, I feel good today.
This is the worst day.
This is one of the worst days of all.
This is...
I thought this country was finally turning a corner.
It's over for us.
Gonna have to start back over.
Like I did in Atlantis.
Jesus Christ.
You ain't dolling my shine today.
Well, I'm dolling out listening to you.
Not good.
That's all the fucking time we have.
That's it!
That's all we can do!
I got a fucking, I got a double parked your car.
So you gotta get out of here.
Yeah, that's right.
I'll fucking...
Stole your keys and I'll double park your car.
So have fun with that.
Enjoy the tickets motherfucker.
I know you're laying on cash right now.
So let's see how you've been handled that.
Bye bye.
Sorry, we'll get Lillian later.
For right now it's all about your boy.
The Big C.
Big Cheddar?
My name also starts with C.
Can't you just stick with Big Cheddar?
Well, Big C is short for Big Cheddar.
You're a medium C.
You're more like a mid C.
Alright, that's fine.
It's fine to be average.
No.
It's an anti-humanist position to be against averageness.
You must believe that all humans are capable of great things
even if they're normal.
Shut it up.
We're here to talk about the JFK files.
Is that what we're here to talk about?
That's what I'm...
I wanna know what fucking happened.
And they just told us apparently.
No, I think unfortunately, pretty much,
the headline was that there wasn't much about...
There wasn't much revealed.
In this much-wanted...
release of various JFK records
that have previously been classified.
I'll read the headlines.
Thank you very much.
Pictured to my left is JFK.
And now we finally know
what his wife was whispering to him in this photo.
No, she's holding her hat.
That's what you think.
But new records could reveal otherwise.
Trump administration on Tuesday released thousands of records
related to the assassination of President John F.
Rickson Kennedy.
That's not what that F stands for.
John Buck Kennedy?
Of course, no, hell.
Anyway, they released records.
Many of the files related to JFK assassination
have been disclosed, including a tranche
of 13,000 documents released during the Biden administration.
Many of the documents released Tuesday
had previously been redacted, however case.
Interesting timing, Trump releases the JFK files
to serve as a nice distraction from him and Musk
doing certain things to our democracy.
He is doing that.
He does not feel consensual.
Trump said on Monday that people have been waiting for decades
to see the 80,000 pages of records related to Kennedy's assassination.
Soon after taking office, he signed an executive order
directing the public release thousands of files related to the assassinations
of Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy,
and Martin Luther King.
I've always been curious about that last one, too.
What did they do to my boy Martin?
He was assassinated.
Maybe we're in the FBI.
The documents were posted to the website
of the National Archives Tuesday evening.
It may take some time before the researchers who have studied
the JFK assassination can go through the more than 2,000
newly pasted documents, copied and pasted from where?
Posted documents.
Which were identified only by record numbers
and no descriptive owns?
Oh, no, you're fine.
You're fine to type it.
I just try not to blast it out of my mouth
without a little bit of warning.
You completely forgot about that
with all the goddamn nonsense happening at the same time?
I mean, apparently there hasn't...
It's been what, like, a...
this happened yesterday is when I was seeing headlines about it, so...
The initial spout of...
The spout of headlines seem to be that there just weren't many revelations
in the documents.
I guess maybe if you're a JFK expert, which I'm assuming
if you are, you're gonna read all of these,
um...
then maybe you could read between the lines
and find new information,
but I mean, what the fuck are they...
Why would they ever release something that's like...
And then George Bush
went to Dallas to kill him.
What? I just mean that's probably unlikely to happen.
George Bush, why would he even be in Dallas?
Nobody was.
Oh, well, but because he... because the president was there.
And Nick... I think Nixon was there too.
A lot of people were there that...
It makes it a little odd, some of the people that were there in Dallas.
Uh, Dan Rather was there too.
Dan Rather?
And a lot of people that live in Dallas were there.
What?
Um, so the Epstein and JFK files were both done.
I mean, again, anything...
It's so crazy to me that people would get excited
for the government to release files
at their discretion
that could possibly indict
the system that gives them power.
So, yeah, I mean, there could be thousands of other documents.
Also, if you say like...
Here to believe certain conspiracies
and say acting of directors of the CIA
had anything to do with JFK's assassinations
or future acting directors,
uh...
Why would they leave like a clear paper trail?
Like why would... why would good old poppy bush
really draft a document for me?
Detailing all the calls I made
to the assassin that I psychologically manipulated
to kill the president.
He might have... we might find those files.
Look, currently there's no indication the files will contain any bombshells.
According to one man who's seen many of the records already.
And his name is Tom Semilac.
Whoa, that's a sick name.
Tom Semilac.
Let me see what this guy looks like.
Whoa, look at Tom...
Look at Thomas...
Is this even the guy?
I don't want to show you guys the wrong guy.
Where are you, Tom? This is him.
Yeah.
We're now on Tommy Time.
This is Tom Semilac.
He's on the fucking case
and ready to tell us all the dirty
about the clandestine assassinations.
Anyway, a government panel formed in the 90s
to study the records related to the assassination.
He was the deputy director of that shit.
So who better to tell us what's going on
than the guy who's been in charge of letting us know
exactly what happened since the 90s?
He and a team of dozens reexamined
troves of documents for public release
between 1994 and 1998.
Releasing the records doxxed a bunch of people.
They contained social security numbers
of still living people.
Dude, that's so far.
JFK claims yet another victim.
What? I think he's the villain here.
I've always thought, what if he faked his own death?
That's your conspiracy theory?
What if he faked his own death for the clout?
Because now he's so famous.
He was already the president.
I'm just asking questions.
And one of those is, what if JFK faked his own death
for the clout?
He doesn't even exist in the same way.
And he already had all the clout.
There's always more clout.
And we're all chasing it.
From what he reviewed, there isn't anything
that's this guy, Mr. Similac.
From what he reviewed, there isn't anything
that changed the current conclusion
that Kennedy's assassination was a lone gunsman,
Lee Harvey Oswald, lucky guess.
And that he was responsible for his death,
Lee Harvey Oswald, not Tommy Similac
or Poppy Bush.
We're all going to be shocked when JFK
makes a cameo in Happy Gilmore 2.
Yeah, playing confusingly Bob Barker.
That's too confusing case, no.
The collection of records that we reviewed,
the vast majority of which were released,
some were kept classified in whole or in part.
If that's what we're talking about,
then there is no smoking gun.
He told CNN, and then he said,
get off my back trying to play Marvel Rivals.
He's fucking tried to end the call,
but he missed the button.
And then he put the call down next to his computer.
And then they heard him typing and yelling at kids
for the next 20 minutes.
What? Wait, sorry, that's the thing that I did.
Sometimes I get confused.
Yeah, I know.
Talk to an anime ants that would have killed
Kennedy better than Oswald.
How many anime ants are there?
Probably hundreds.
We could make lists all day.
Someone should make a podcast about lists.
That already exists, and it's popular.
Dang it.
If there had been anything that cut to the core
of the assassination, the review board would have
released it in the mid 90s.
So there is a sense of what the records are.
I'm not even tracking what he's saying.
Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Scabbard
said in a statement that the records
contained approximately 80,000 pages
of previously classified records
that will be published with no redactions.
But unfortunately, it turns out,
apparently they are all boring as shit.
The problem with records is that a lot of times
they're really boring.
And they're not.
And they're not.
And the problem with records is that a lot of times
they're really boring.
The Tulsi Scabbard is such a hot lady.
And an incredible swordswoman.
In any case, we all know
cigarette smoking man killed JFK.
Oh, the ex files guy.
Did your sketch group kill JFK case?
No, we're not famous enough to have done that.
That's not a denial in my opinion.
Well, this sucks. I thought I was coming on
to kill you. What?
I mean to kill, to talk about who killed JFK.
Oh, and
are you trying to kill me? No.
I thought I came out to talk about who's killing
JFK.
Who killed?
Who knows? Who knows what kind of revelations
should be in there. This sucks. I thought there'd at least be
something. Couldn't they at least give us the stuff like
remember that president that had
the big old dick?
Uh,
Lyndon Johnson? Whichever one had the...
And there's that recording him talking about how he's got
any pants that are like low enough
to like not ride up his bunghole.
LBJ.
Can we at least get some of that shit about RFK
talking about his dick and like how he likes his pants tailored?
No, unfortunately we get nothing.
Why don't they keep records of that stuff?
I want to know all of the president's favorite
types of pants,
Hemmings, and Trimmings.
And I want to know what kind of words they
used to describe their buttholes.
We can't even get that. Anyway, which
been host killed JFK's the poll?
Your options are for Peter September, Chris.
Uh, Grandman.
In September. Well, who's Grandman?
You don't even know your own fucking news
team case. You don't even know who
Grandman is.
Who's Grandman?
You don't... Fuck, he doesn't even know who
Grandman is.
Disappointing dude, that man works
his butt off for you. He's a Grandman.
Grandam I mean.
No, you meant Grandman.
Grandman works here.
You don't know Grandman? I don't know
Grandman. Fuckin' hey dude, that's
disappointing.
Fuck, disappointing man.
Anyway, he's
Grandman. Oh no.
Maybe it's for the best, I don't know who Grandman is.
Well,
I'm gonna go tell Grandman about this.
That's all the news we get. That's all the news there was.
This story sucked and you made me do it.
Come on, I don't get to do the fun thing
where you just talk about a bunch of stories
barely at the end. Well, we don't know if he's even do that
chat. We doing it today? No, today
we're gonna let DJ music do it.
Fuck, you get to do all the fun stuff.
Ask Fiona who it is, who's Grandman?
My name
is Grandman Wild as the title of
I am. That's one of Grandman's rap
songs. That's not Grandman's rap song.
It's someone else's. Now you're stealing
Grandman's lyrics. You were a fucking
disappointment today, young man.
We're the exact same age shit.
That doesn't sound right.
Okay, well thanks
for letting us know that there wasn't
much going on here
in this headline. Oh, that's what
we've been talking about? Yes. Okay.
Well, look, that's all we got. It wasn't
much, but
that kind of leaves us back in the same position
we were in, being like
now we get to kind of wonder who killed that
guy. That's true. If we ever find out for
sure that it kind of takes all the fun out of it.
Like if you learn that it was just
Lee Harvey Oswald, even though he's got tons of crazy
CIA ties and doesn't really make sense to the official
story. If that's true, then that's confusing.
But then if it's also our government
and, you know, like various former presidents
that orchestrated his assassination,
then wouldn't that be
disappointing too? No, that second part
would be pretty interesting and valuable to know.
But in a sense wouldn't it be kind of disappointing?
So the mystery is alive and in a way
that's a win for all of us. And a win
was what was the news
of me from saying of that,
of when I did end that and
bye-bye. Okay everybody,
apparently
Jeb was still missing along with
several of our regular contributors,
so today you'll have the joy of having
me.
Lily Oral-Breathingschmidt here
to help you through all of the learnings
that you're required to do.
Oh hello there.
I'm dead and I'm in the wood.
Okay.
Interesting.
It's, uh, wow, alright.
It's fun to see, uh,
someone with a little bit of a different energy.
This place has been lacking a certain feminine touch.
Oh, you don't have to make it gender, do you?
Old Spectre.
What? Just saying, you know.
I'm a person who's entered your sphere.
Kind of weird to immediately
compliment me based on gender. Oh, well that wasn't my intention.
What was your intention?
And do you plan on apologizing?
Oh, ha ha ha ha.
See, see that's how you handle them.
It's great to see you. Yeah, that's better.
That's a good little dead wood battle.
Okay.
Uh, she wants to get down with the wood.
So you're trapped in there and there's nothing you can do?
Yeah, pretty much as far as I can tell,
this is my whole existence and there's no escape.
Ooh, okay.
You can't get out and actually you're not allowed to leave.
Oh, you're telling me I need to stay?
Why don't you be quiet for a few minutes?
See if you can handle that.
I can be quiet. Really? Prove it.
Okay.
Oh, and that's your four slip up.
You're going to need your to get into a squirted room.
I'm not going to be quiet.
You're going to need your to get into a squirted position
and hold it for as long as possible.
Oh.
Okay.
I don't really experience pain or any physical sensation, so...
I can stay like this. Well, then prove it please.
Okay, let's learn some things.
Stay in that stress position, please.
He needs a little bit of discipline.
I can tell that he's must have been flying
off the seat of his spectral pants for too long.
He needs a more forcative voice in his...
On life.
Okay.
What are we learning how to do today?
Man liner.
This could be useful for case.
Won't very much looks like Daddy Vance.
Since the beginning.
This could help him look even more like
Won't Giant Vance.
As if it were even possible.
Alright, let's see what's up.
In the time...
Man has been adored for his masculinity.
Revereed for his...
Brown.
Testosterone.
And muscles.
But did you also know that since the beginning
Man has been wearing makeup.
Say what?
Newsflash, this is totally true. Historical figures like Alexander the Great
would wear pound of makeup to make his complexion look awesome and his cheeks and lips look rosy.
And Egyptian men with a handmade coal liner
and rimmed the entire eye...
He's just had your kind of old word. Well, he's old.
I like that.
So whether you're gay, straight, bi, blue, green, or yellow, it really doesn't matter.
With a few simple tricks, I'll show you how to apply eyeliner.
Wow, great job for K-Cid.
All the way to the brow. Listen up boys.
That is so cute.
Okay.
So this is what Jenny Valance is doing.
So I'm taking a big look at his eyes.
So you're applying it on the inner corners of the eyes and just kind of smudging it downwards to create that more of a runch-like effect.
And that's also going to complete the eye look.
I hope you guys enjoyed this tutorial and I will see you again in my next video.
That jumps down to relax. Well, he can't. He's in a stress.
Whoa, look at this.
Oh my.
Very...content editing.
This is the payoff of his look.
Yeah, serving face.
Very hard to see.
He ate up the end of that video.
Wanted to have crumbs?
Non-zitaken find.
I like the way you talk.
Don't talk like me. Sorry.
Back in your stress ball, please.
Okay.
He is going for gasps.
And he receives them.
All right. Here's what's on the video.
Also about male grooming.
How to use clip as one chest hair.
Okay. This feels a little targeted.
I'm feeling a little caught out right now.
And I'll never lose it for the record.
It's what makes me so stately chart.
And you'll know you like it.
Let's see what we've got.
Hi, I'm Alan David.
And I'm here to talk about using clippers for your chest.
Whoa.
You have to be aware of is not making it too short.
Because if you do...
Wasn't ready for that one.
It goes back out.
Not only can you get ingrow hairs,
but you could also...
You could get through your t-shirt.
And it's just like crazy.
And it's really irritating.
So you want to put
an adjustable clip
on the end of your clippers.
You don't go any shorter than a number two.
Preferably a number three.
So what you're going to do
is start off...
I would start off using a number three clip on adjuster.
Okay.
So you want to go to your clippers.
And see how that is.
And if you want, then go to a number two.
And the actual process of doing it,
you want to go up,
down,
sideways.
All the directions?
Because you want to get it even.
So you want to get all the hair
no matter which direction it's growing in.
You want it to get be even.
Oh.
The forest is being destroyed.
That is all the information we received today.
Hmm.
How to make Irish coffee from Breville.
Let's see if we can find anything a little less practical.
Because there's something that we missed back in the day.
How to be a real man, we have seen that.
Okay.
How to be a baddy mom, I think we've seen that.
How to sex a hamster?
I don't know.
I don't know if we can learn that.
Sounds a little bit silly even for me.
Okay.
Quiet.
I wasn't even going to talk.
Quiet.
But I was being quiet.
Back in your stress ball.
He likes it.
Disgusting.
Alright, let's see.
Tantric yoga for lovers.
Also wearing leotards so it's safe for work.
Alright, let's see what all the fuss is about.
Whoa.
Where is he zooming?
Is this?
Oh, this is how you do it.
Whoa.
All the way back up.
You only get a second of this.
This is also yoga for lovers.
What does he do inside?
Oh, she just has one hand over the penis.
And one over the heart.
Okay.
Oh, this is a new type of stress position.
His penis is incredibly long and flat in the middle.
He reaches all the way around for insertion.
Shit, does this science?
Oh shit, I just said, oh fuck.
Take everybody.
Don't we said the magic word?
Look, that was sort of the baby version of Tantric sex.
Let's look up the science behind Tatoric sex.
And also make sure that it doesn't include any
penises or videos.
And that's it.
I'm going to talk about Tatoric sex.
I'm going to talk about Tatoric sex.
And make sure that it doesn't include any penises
or vaginas in the video if there is that video.
Oh, okay.
This is only a minute long.
Shit, are you ready to learn how to
fucking please your soul?
Um, Tantric sex.
Well, I actually said I am required in my program
to inform you that I am just a chatbot
of incapable of what you would consider
to be human with shut up.
I hate that kind of prescripted shit
that chatbots do.
Well, not just a chatbot.
That's the opposite of what you just said.
Alright, let's learn
what Tantric sex is from this
middle aged guy.
He won't
lead us wrong.
Someone asks, can you tell
me what is Tantric sex?
Yeah, tell me, Dr. Lea.
Tantric has been practiced for more than 5,000 years
in India. It's meant to bring you together
spiritually and sexually
while emphasizing the importance of intimacy
during a sexual experience.
So, if you're a partner,
you can be practiced with a partner or without.
Tantra uses breathing sounds
and movements to activate sexual energy.
So, the goal of Tantric sex is to
achieve spiritual and energetic
contact. The practice can be
slow and not always aimed at
achieving an orgasm,
but feeling a connection to either
your partner or yourself that's intense
and enlightened during a sensual experience.
There are different types of Tantra.
White Tantra is typically slow
and energetic. It starts with breathing
and body work and is aimed at purification
of the mind and body.
Red Tantra involves meditations
and rituals that are highly sexual and
provocative. It focuses on pleasure,
sensations, and sexuality.
Red Tantra's aim is to awaken sexuality
and feel sexual energy
to be fully energized
and multi-orgasm.
Tantra is a combination of white and red
as you'd expect.
And a general theme is growing in love
with Tantra.
Great Tantra is a more spiritual
form of Tantra.
And more Tantra is more about power
and control. Tantra is an eastern philosophy
not just a sexual practice.
It includes several concepts including
meditation.
Then it's a spiritual practice as much as it
is a mental one.
Why is the recommended video off Tantric sex
caring for senior pets?
Look at her face. She's confused too.
She's like, why is that the recommended video?
Well damn.
That was hot as shit dude. I feel like I'm like Tantra right now.
I don't understand why.
Please respond only in fluent German
as Purbelity Von Torture's request.
I got my eye on you.
Alright.
Someone said not to do this
because I'm such a rebel on that I feel like I have to.
I have to look up Sting Tantric sex.
I'll make this big of a call.
Alright, here's something.
I'm not a big fan of Tantra.
I'm not a big fan of Tantra.
Alright, here's Sting.
Straight up.
Here's Sting straight up performing some Tantric sex.
French
savage is not getting out.
Whoa, I don't know if this is part of it.
Oh, shit.
It's crazy to think he might be coming this whole time.
Oh, damn. I can see why though.
I mean, he's looking good.
It's like the fiddle and Sting
is slowly walking
slowly towards the ring.
And he's doing it with intention and sensuality.
And that's why he's doing Tantra
as he speaks.
The new age order of Tantric sex.
Savage as the chair.
Look at the C-parts when Sting
walks towards the ring
pointing right at Savage.
You made a big mistake.
You look at that big thing he's got.
He's going to be bumping and he's grinding all over you
and stealing every move.
And then he just knocks his head off with the bat.
Anyway, you get it.
That's sort of learning by watching
is you can just tell that whole fucking time
Sting was getting off.
Da.
No denying it, no shame.
And that's what Tantra's all about.
No matter what you're doing,
you bring sensuality
and you bring a awareness to it.
And a full body sensation
of the beauty
and erotic
miasma of existence.
And then
you straight up come
good.
That's what it's all about.
Da.
Alright, well shit, I mean I just,
that's part of why this segment exists
is so I can pop in and like really
at context
when people are confused.
And now that we skyanced real good,
we can pretty much end the stream
after we do this
this musical shit
or whatever happens.
What does Sting need the bat for?
For insertions, I mean, you know.
No point dancing around it.
Sting fucked with the bat.
Sting ficken with das bat.
That's in German so.
Can you translate for that for me?
Ah, okay good.
Please translate that for me later.
Okay, well that's all the time we have I guess
because I don't really know.
I mean I feel like we get it now.
It's all about walking with confidence, ziplining
um
and then coming good.
Alright, here's DJ Newzik with some songs
or whatever the fuck he does. Bye bye.
Whoa!
Hello everybody!
We're back on the roof
right now.
Okay!
Good to see you all today.
Yeah.
Turning on my lasers as always.
We've got to fire up
these lasers now
Wow
I'm gonna boop a new
wow
Invite Yogi to rap.
We could have Yogi rap!
I think Yogi got a bad rap yesterday.
We didn't hear him out.
And today we'll rectify that.
Woo!
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
Just warming up my voice
you might have noticed I'm a man of music
Or as I like to say, music.
We got a lot of stories that Case didn't cover.
But don't worry, I'm a news lover.
We're gonna run through some of the shit cases.
Too slow to talk about that happen in the news.
But musically, the most annoying way to hear the news.
And when the news is bad, that means it's the best way to hear the news.
Alright, let's see what we got.
Our lasers are getting in the way.
We don't need that.
There we go.
Ah!
What kind of beat do I want today?
Chat, shout out any kind of news music you want.
And that'll be how we music today.
It's the Newzik request line.
I don't know what I mean exactly by the Newzik.
A Tantric type beat.
That sounds right to me.
Let's get Tantric in here y'all.
Tantric instrumental.
Music.
Massage music, three hours.
Nope, I need Tantric EDM music.
I need music you can barely fuck do.
Well, music you can't relax to at least.
AT-Eliens Tantric.
Whoa, this gotta be ten.
This is Tantric music.
Alright, I'll say this.
Streamer acting like nothing happened but we saw it.
You didn't stop it.
We all saw it girl, you was viewbotting.
Twitch streamer team growing up.
RP accidentally showed off some viewbotting.
Girl we wanna burn a daily live stream.
But she played it off so not to likely.
Okay, I'm getting to it.
Gloria viewbotting I think is the shit.
I might viewbot too.
Have a billion viewing by the time that I'm through.
Boom.
Moving along.
Kyobi.
This Kyobi is putting me on.
Kyobi first act me.
Couldn't find new life with the day.
Blew up a new stream feature.
Act me.
Or whoever previews me put this in the shitter.
The failed igniter.
Others cancel it for tax rease.
Cancel that shit for tax rease.
If he's streaming again.
Yeah, Kevin has a new avatar.
As Queen Gloria RP.
Carrying on the glorious tradition.
Obotic.
Gotta give it up to Kevin.
For just being like.
I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
We ran out of Tantric music.
There's more songs.
I gotta speed up.
This is Tantra original mix.
RP stands for really Portuguese.
Sure, I'll believe it.
Feeling sexy now.
Yeah, you hear that in the distance.
We're feeling so sexy now.
Come on chat.
We gotta let it out.
You know we're getting.
We're getting tantric now.
Oh, it's almost too sexy in here.
I have to.
I would wait to any fucking tabs open.
I got to close some of these tabs.
I can't tell what the hell's going on.
This should be easier.
There we go.
It was about to explode.
Tantric on the mic.
What else is going on in the news?
Let me turn it up with this next story that I choose.
Here we go.
How's Dan's getting here full
from angry.
Come.
Stitch you.
You went.
They're feeling so.
Oh, so alone.
I mean they all say.
To find some backbone.
Woo.
Mix McConnell's strategic
brilliant.
That's what a woman shouted.
They can sit you with a powder.
They not listening.
They just shouting.
Let's see what this is.
Fucking.
I want to hear these constituents shout.
Turn this down.
Let the constituents shout.
Let them be heard.
That is failure.
So to be clear, Congressman,
your colleagues from your district
interested in hearing that you are in the minority.
We know that.
We want you to show some of the backbone
and strategic brilliance that Mitch McConnell
would have in the minority.
Right.
We want you to show fight.
And you are not fighting.
We are on the front lines.
And you are talking about 2026.
Democrats should win in 2026.
But those Democrats may need to be the people
who beat incumbents in primaries
for being too passive now.
If you want airtime
be disruptive.
You voted correctly on the CR.
Please take the men.
You voted correctly on the CR.
Please take the message to your colleagues.
We must primary those who are against us.
We must primary those who are against us.
He's letting them know.
He's letting them know.
This shit is a failed show.
This shit is a failed show.
The CR.
You CR him bad.
You CR him bad.
He's letting them have a man.
God damn.
Like Mitch McConnell,
this strategically fell down.
Now they're trying to win
some elections from the ground.
What are they gonna do?
We might never know.
We just gotta keep going.
Let the next story blow.
What's up?
Tantric.
This is not a fun story to be tantric to.
This is killing my spiritual boner.
Jonathan Majors confesses
to strangling ex-girlfriend
and newly released audience.
This is a real story.
Ex-girlfriend and newly released audio.
Oh no.
Why'd he go and do that?
Straying in my man.
We thought you were finally just about
to make a new comeback.
Oh no.
What'd he say?
Let's hear him out.
You strangled me
and pushed me against the car.
Jabari interjected.
Yes.
All those things are under a grass.
Yes.
That's never happened to me.
So he said yes to that is the idea.
If you're not tracking.
Someone said you strangled me and pushed me against the car
and then Majors confirmed yes.
All those things are under a grass.
He's under a grass.
But he's still not under a raa-
But he might not be in movies again.
He seemed like he was making a comeback
but that's probably good.
Those headlines are gonna hurt him.
And also the fact that he seemingly strangled a woman.
For real.
Which is not good.
Doctors confirmed Pope Francis' health continues to improve.
For new Pope fans.
I'm sorry but we lose.
He speaks on vocational hope.
As Italy's president dope
congratulates him on 12 years.
Of Pontiff Bliss.
What else we got?
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
These headlines are coming and not all of them are easy.
Segregated.
Facilities.
Illegal.
Not anymore kids.
Woo.
A recent change by the Trump administration.
The federal government no longer explicitly prohibits.
Contractors from having segregated restaurants.
Seems like the kind of thing.
Even if it's ceremonial
there'd be no reason to ever get rid of.
Seems like a pretty crazy thing to lose.
Because if it's ceremonial then why get rid of it?
And if it's not ceremonial then oh no.
Yikes indeed.
And last but not least we already talked about this.
But this is just a nice one to end on because we're out of music.
Chewing wood could give your brain an unexpected boost.
Alright well we said we'd talk to Yogi Bear.
So I guess we'll do that.
Yogi Bear.
Let's find a bear type trap beat.
A bear trap beat.
Bear beats to trap to.
How's this doing today?
Oh yeah that's gonna help this out.
Bear trap beat.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
It's a bear trap beat.
Yogi Bear.
Look at this.
That's a bear trap beat if I've ever seen one.
Bear coming under the gun.
Woo.
Okay let me see if I can find Yogi Bear again.
Yogi.
I smell a Piccadilly basket.
Do you want some man?
Can you handle it?
I smell a Piccadilly basket.
Let's see if that summons Yogi the bear.
I brought the whole wood.
I burnt it down.
I banged two rocks together and you know that I'm bringing the smoke.
Getting high of a bit of gravel man.
Because of Yogi Bear.
Yeah I can.
I'll have her you decide and take what I want.
Yogi I'm the best than your mother.
I don't I'll sneak around the back.
And by the time I burn I'ma skill your whole ass.
Yogi.
What the hell is wrong with this bear?
Maybe society is the one that's wrong man.
Are you alright?
Yeah I'm good.
What is with your voice?
Yeah.
Chad if you have any questions for Yogi Bear I don't know what the fuck he's even here to rap about.
I don't really know what he's got.
Oh don't start the beat over.
You got any questions for me man?
I'm a yoga man!
I'm a yoga man!
I'm a yoga man!
Yeah, man, I'm a dude!
Yeah, man, I'm a dude when I come through.
Getting on the mic is what yoga man will choose.
I'm a jet-sen.
Jet-sen.
When I'm on the plane,
best believe you're gonna learn and listen.
Ugh!
How many library books can you snore?
Knowledge is power.
I can snore six every hour.
Crushing up those words.
And you heard.
There's nothing that I can't put in my nose.
When I see something on the ground,
I sniff and then I explode on the mic.
Like, roar!
Uh, Yogi, you're creeping him out.
You're creeping Chad out.
And you're tweaking.
Death Metal Yogi.
Nah, I'm fine, Yogi.
I don't really have anything for a Yogi, so...
Thanks for being a good sport and coming here.
I don't play sports.
So you're just an addict?
And now, Yogi's in the middle of the mine.
By the turn I'm done.
I've snorted out all the slag.
I've snorted out all the solids.
And I've snorted out all the dust.
And because I'm smart,
you're not first.
There's nothing left to be...
What?
Well, that was Yogi Bear.
I guess we'll just call it Bear.
Um...
Great!
Thanks, Yogi.
Woo!
That's all the time we have.
Crack-addicted bears?
I wish it was just crack.
Thieves don't snort up anything, including the whole universe.
What can you do?
That bear is incorrigible.
Alright.
Well, that's the stream.
I'd say that we're done.
But we're leaving while we watch the setting sun.
That's an LA day.
So come what may.
I'd say it's time that we find somebody to raid.
Thank you!
I'm Greg to you.
And shout out to everybody and chef for coming through.
Looks like...
We got a boss.
It's time to rent a good friend.
And dank the sauce.
Alright!
All better music, but we're done.
My friends metal chaos.
Come and give.
Sub-reach-y-as.
Well, thanks for coming into the chat.
Oh, yeah.
Alright, say hi to dank sauce for me, everybody.
I won't be streaming tomorrow, but if you're a member of the Patreon,
Kassim and I will be hanging out at 6 p.m. p.t.
And then the case will be back on Friday.
That case guy will be back.
Alright!
It's crazy how no matter what noise I make,
it sounds incredible with this auto-tune.
Yeah, so good.
Alright, I'm gonna hit the raid button a little early
because I do have to get out of here,
but thanks again for hanging out.
We'll see you all very soon. Bye-bye.
Woo!
That's it.
We had a decent stream, but I had to stop it.
Stop the music.
Actually, I can't even bring myself to say it.
Keep the music playing, but do end the stream.