I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said I may never leave this convention, I got 800 more speeches in me, Jack, and I am speaking spell.
I'm speaking well, love of that about a dooburn and an anana.
Five and ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this.
Hello everybody. Oh yeah.
It's the news again. Good to see you all, Greg, to you, Jay, money, Apple to Apple, Skymer, love the hate.
London Sprout, we're going amongst the web. We're probably going to look at DNC things.
I hope everybody's having a lovely Tuesday.
On this momentous day of celebrating all things, National Convention and Democrat,
this is a gambling stream, of course, at all times.
I got to figure out how to let you guys gamble points so that I can more confidently say that this is a gambling stream with real money consequences.
We're gambling on the future, everyone.
Democracy is at work right now.
It's everywhere.
Wow, what am I doing this democracy?
It's... are you listening to speeches?
No.
Oh, then you're not doing democracy.
Is it this one's doing the speeches? Is that democracy?
This week it is.
Oh, good.
Debate gambles, yeah. Debate gambles, net gambles, all sorts of gambles.
I actually sent Jeff down to the convention.
I sent him all the way down to the convention to try to rustle up some news.
Jeff, do you have anything for us?
Um, well, there's supposed to be someone speaking.
I could have sworn when I checked the live feed on my phone, someone was currently speaking, but now it feels kind of dead.
Make sure you're at the right convention.
I don't think I'm at Gamescom.
Pretty sure this is the DNC.
It does say it basically everywhere.
But nobody's really gotten that pumped up.
Biden spoke last night and everybody was losing their shit.
I say just run it back. I say we just keep bringing him out.
You can't lose.
Ride him into the dirt and just let him keep talking until he just, you know, he dies doing what he loves.
Jesus, Jeff.
What?
Is Hulk Hogan coming out?
No word yet on if there will be any wrestlers, which I do think they're missing a huge opportunity there.
They'll just cut a promo for as long as you want.
And so far I don't think I've seen any to be fair.
I don't really recognize anyone.
Okay, that's fair.
Um, actually being told that the president might be storming the stage.
As we speak, would you frickin believe it?
Let's see if, uh, if old Joseph Robin at Biden has anything else to say.
Look, look and listen up guys.
You know, you loved having me out here.
And so I thought I just, I just kind of run it back.
Let me know if you know, I just sort of came out.
Are you not excited?
Are you not entertained?
Oh, they love it.
And of course you do.
Look at him.
He's crying.
I ain't lying.
He's crying.
Blow that lady.
I ain't salty one bit.
I ain't a cracker.
I mean, I might be, but I'm not that kind of salty cracker.
These are the jokes, folks.
These are the jokes.
Give it up for me.
I insist.
No, do it with volume.
Do it with volume.
Do it with volume.
All right.
Well, you know, I might come back out at some point, but as much as you can say,
what up, what up guys?
Yeah, there's a man that's crazy out here.
We'll see you soon.
We'll see you really soon.
Okay.
That's all the president came out to say.
I guess that's all you, I guess that's all he had for us.
Yeah.
I mean, then everybody cleared out again.
So it's confusing down here at the DNC right now.
You can check back in with me as much as you want.
I think we've got a musical act coming out soon.
So maybe consider, you know, seeing what's up with that.
Oh, hey, why not?
All right.
Oh, shit.
I'm on stage.
Fuck.
I accidentally walked out on the stage.
Oh, um, hey, just so you know, that wasn't my intention.
It wasn't my intention to give a speech.
I got lost going to the bathroom.
I got down here really fast.
I took a slide down to the stage.
I'm the musical act.
Play the Beyonce song.
Give it up for Beyonce, please.
Listen to this track.
Yeah.
We all love Beyonce.
Of course we do.
And this is an election about freedom.
Is that?
Oh, good.
Okay.
That still works.
And also the current president's great, and he did good,
and we're couldn't be prouder of him,
and we can't wait to take America back,
even though we didn't lose it,
and four more years for Kamala?
All right.
Thanks.
I'm going to go.
I didn't mean to give a speech.
I'm sorry that I just looked like the kind of person
that should be talking here.
It was a mistake.
God bless.
God bless you all.
Give it up for Beyonce one more time.
Give it up for Beyonce, please.
Oh, don't do it silently.
There you go.
There you go.
Okay, well, so far I'm confused.
Excuse me, I'm confused by her coverage.
But that's nothing new.
Let's see what's going on in the world.
Let's see what news there is
to actually talk about its news time.
Sort of a sort of a
badass rapper now.
It's kind of how that works.
Congrats on this hot track.
Sort of the hottest track in the game right now.
Everybody's pretty much agreeing with that,
but good to see everybody.
Where it's America Week.
America Week again.
Of course, I stay neutral.
Both conventions are America Week.
We have two America Weeks, but congratulations.
Congratulations everyone on America Week.
I'm so excited my esophagus is going insane.
That's great news, Jeff.
Sorry, not Jeff.
I'm Rick.
Sorry, Rick.
All these square faced guys.
I just don't know.
You've got to point to your face.
I've got a more square face.
That's how you tell us apart.
That's true. You're more classically American.
Okay, what's going on in the world right now?
Well, let's just check in with the GNC baby.
It's live.
You need to learn how to news case.
When there's news like this, you just cut to the live feed
and see what the people are losing their shit for.
Right now they're just kind of vibing out.
Everybody's just sort of vibing out at the DNC right now.
What is this?
What's going on here, Rick?
This is a celebration of democracy.
That's Cowboy Kamala.
That's Jennifer and her friends.
How long is this convention?
I think they might have upped it to a month.
This might be a month long.
Just a straight month of this.
They started with a week.
But I don't know.
Look how good of a time everybody's having.
I'd say why stop?
It's like the Kiss Cam.
Debbie does democracy.
They aren't kind of just playing porn music.
Well, okay, now this is just some Chicago news nonsense.
There's been important stuff though.
You might have seen the president speak last night.
Everyone literally moved to tears.
Did you prepare a highlight package for me
to give appropriate commentary for?
No.
But I will look it up on YouTube for you.
Jesus Christ, guys.
The news is happening a lot.
Can we please see?
We can check out his huge applause break,
which is really all you need to see as we celebrate
this legend in American politics.
Who after tonight, I believe,
is being ritualistically executed?
No, he's still going to be president.
Oh.
Oh, I thought that this was sort of the end of the line for him.
No, he's still president after like five more months.
Well, anyway, let's see him get his flowers.
Deuce, my father, your 46th president
of the United States, Joe Biden.
Deuce, this lady.
This is, this is God.
Ashley Biden with a very heartfelt introduction.
Ashley Biden.
Saying her father is still her best friend
after all these years.
Isn't that beautiful?
That is my BFF.
America's my daddy.
That's why it's my friend.
My best father.
My fucking family.
Listen to that pop.
You can't buy this kind of adoration.
Mary, you cover this family.
You cover the White House.
It's impossible to overstate what they must have been
through these last four weeks.
This is an incredibly emotional and bitter
moment for this family.
I just keep thinking, David, a month ago,
the president was going to walk out to see his own convention.
Oh my God, that must be so hard on them.
Sometimes life just isn't fair.
He's been winding down.
50-year-plus career in politics.
He is going to, of course, make sure that he gets
the top of it.
Kamala Harris is the future of this party.
He's going to try and cement his legacy.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
That's his hearing aid.
Out of respect, listen to the whole applause break.
Everyone's a weeper.
This is so unfair and sad and also beautiful.
It's so unfair and sad and beautiful.
Extraordinary. He said it best.
United Center in Chicago for President Biden.
Liddell Shade was mustached.
A month and a half ago, they were preparing
for a Biden convention, John Paul.
He's now here tonight for Kamala Harris.
He's not mad.
He said his legacy depends on Kamala Harris winning this election.
His legacy depends on Kamala Harris winning?
That's the main concern we all have is Joe Biden's legacy.
This is all about legacy.
This is about history.
And nothing is more important than future history case.
What will eventually be in history books
is what this is all about.
Why does that matter to us again?
Because everybody loves social studies class
and the stuff that's in it.
And some of it there will probably be pictures from this
in a textbook.
And that's what really matters.
They love them. We love them.
We're so thankful for everything he's done.
What are you thankful for, Rick?
Look at that million-dollar smile.
What more do you need?
I tried to point like in my practice.
We love you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
A-A-E-E-W.
That was my daughter.
Oh, Kendall's here.
How long is this applause break?
Hello?
You need Cody Road?
There's Kendall.
Thank you, Joe. Sorry.
It's not A-E-W, Rick.
America everywhere wins.
That's what A-E-W stands for to me.
Thank you.
So that's why I got confused.
Thank you, Richard. I'll tell you what.
Oh, my God.
We will never stop clapping.
Just for it's like a Roman Reigns entrance.
Just 10 minutes long.
And that was the whole speech that he went home.
He didn't say anything else?
I don't think he said anything else.
I think that was it.
Andy Boulding is a live correspondent.
I think I should have friends there, I think.
Or friends unpolitically engaged
because that is actually preferable.
This is a celebration for people like me, case.
And for weird pessimistic internet creatures
like yourself to just kind of grimace at.
You can have that.
But for us, for the people who matter,
this is a celebration of a job well done, mission accomplished,
and we're going to bring the flags back out
from the aircraft carrier that Bush used.
But this time, we mean it.
You did it all, Joe.
And no one's ever done it any better.
Why is that the message here?
It's because it's feel good.
We love it and we mean it.
Okay, well, what's going on?
What's going on live?
Is it still?
Now, the main program of day two is now underway.
Just about the main program is underway.
The session was gaviled into order.
Chris Tide joins us now.
He is on the floor of the United States
with some of the major themes ahead for us tonight.
Maybe just there.
That's right, Joe and Erica.
This is an evening where a lot of people were eager
to see it go off on time
so that they don't leave as late as they did last night.
Okay, we're mostly talking about how long it's going to take.
Seems like the main thing they are worried about
over at CBS New Chicago is how long this will be.
I think that's what I would be worried about, too,
if I were there, is how long do I have to listen to this?
How long do you get to listen to this?
You know, there were more speeches than that.
Hillary gave a classic, a classic Clinton speech.
Let's see if I can find.
These are the speeches that matter because this,
the stuff they talk about here resonates again through the ages.
Great, live.
Is she live right now?
No, she talked like 20 hours ago.
Let's, let's, let's skip around a little bit.
Taking some time off from her HBO show or whatever that was.
She got a pretty big pop, too, I guess.
That changed.
Wait, what changed?
Heather Dorothy was born right here in Chicago
before women had the right to pop.
That changed 104 years ago yesterday.
How'd she do that?
That's like, anniversary.
To ratify the 19th Amendment to the Constitution.
Okay.
The state legislature was deadlocked until one lawmaker's mother
in widow who read three newspapers a day sent a letter.
If we can do this, Jerry said,
we can do anything.
And then there was 2016 when it was the honor of my life
to accept our party nomination for president.
She's rolling out the hits, everybody.
Nearly 66 million Americans voted for a future
where there are no ceilings on our dreams.
And afterwards, we refused to give up on America.
Millions marched.
Many ran for office.
We kept our eyes on the future.
Well, my friends, the future is here.
Sorry, Kendall has an important message.
Hi.
I need you guys in exactly seven minutes
Can you remind Kase to check on me?
Just say, Kase, it's time to check on Kendall
in exactly seven minutes from now.
Thank you.
My God, she ran away.
She wants to feel involved.
It's not a surprise for you, Chet.
She wants me to help her with something in seven minutes.
Add options now.
Will we remind Kase to check on Kendall?
Will we remind Kase to check on Kendall in seven minutes?
Exclamation point, oh, and you can fill out this important poll.
And this is just more democracy at work,
which again, we do love to see.
Almost time to check on Kendall, Kase.
She just said it.
Seven minutes isn't a long time.
Vote now.
No, tomorrow Kendall is doomed to may be 11 minutes.
Not one of those is yes.
Exclamation point, please.
Exclamation point, one through five is how you vote.
Well, while that's happening, let's just keep listening
to Hillary Clinton talk.
That's what everybody really wants, right?
Who wants that?
Everybody's excited for it.
They could see us.
They would say keep going.
Shirley and Jerry would say.
Looks like Kendall is in fact doomed.
For reproductive health care, our saying,
keep going.
Kendall is doomed.
It's the clear winner.
Parents stretching to afford childcare.
Young people struggling.
This is all great.
Let's see how she wraps it up.
And you know what?
On the other side of that glass ceiling is Kamala Harris
raising her hand and taking the oath of office.
She's on top of a glass ceiling.
That seems dangerous.
Better structure than her to be sworn in on.
That's not safe.
When a barrier falls for one of us, it falls.
It falls and clears the way for all of us.
So for the next 78 days, we need to work harder
than we ever have.
We need to beat back the dangers that Trump
and his allies pose to the rule of law
and our way of life.
Don't get distracted or complacent.
Talk to your friends and neighbors.
Volunteer.
And that's how the speech ended.
That was it.
We cut her off in the middle of the end of the speech.
Yeah, basically how it ended.
Some people are saying they're still mad at her for losing.
What else does she have to do to make up for it?
She's given incredible speech.
She made a show with her daughter where she talked to
Megan Thee Stallion.
Oh, yeah, she did do that.
If you don't like Hillary, then just look at this clip
I can probably find.
And then we'll see.
Then we'll see who's laughing.
Chelsea follows rap music she has ever since she was
a little girl.
But I kind of came to awareness of you with the
Cardi B WAP.
Let's just run that back.
Cardi B WAP.
Awareness of you with I kind of came to awareness of you
with the Cardi B WAP.
I always wanted to do a song with Cardi.
As soon as she sent me the song, I think I sent it back to her
like the next day.
And it was just so exciting.
The men they seem so confident in what they're saying
and they don't have no problem with talking about
their sexuality and how they're going to have sex with you.
So I was like, well, she's nodding.
She's into it.
I'm not coming from a woman.
It's great to see women be so fierce.
When did you come into awareness of Megan Thee Stallion?
For me as well, I came into awareness due to the Cardi B WAP.
I'll never forget where I was when I came into awareness
of the Cardi B WAP.
Well, anyway, there's a lot more great speeches.
There were already some good ones from other people
that said stuff.
Who else did you have for us?
I could...
It's just been really exciting.
And as you can see, there's really endless things to say
about what definitely isn't essentially a seven-day campaign ad.
It's so much more than that.
There was a speaker who talked about,
unfortunately, her experience with aborting a pregnancy
as a result of sexual assault.
That while odd to see in front of a crowd
that's mostly there to cheer for senators,
I thought was an effective distillation
of at least the importance of hopefully abortion
being codified into national law.
Anyway, we don't need to watch that one
because it actually had some resonance.
We can just watch whatever this other stuff is.
And that's what it's all about,
is whatever all this other stuff is.
So we'll be back with more, I'm sure.
This is the gift that keeps on giving incredible speeches
and the beauty and majesty of America.
And maybe you just have to throw one on in about two minutes' case anyway
because you need to go help Kendall soon.
You're reminding me, Rick.
I don't actually remember when we started the timer,
but it's probably coming up on it.
Okay, fair enough.
Let's throw on...
I'm just gonna search DNC speech and see which one we didn't get yet.
Oh, AOC.
AOC had some things to say.
I'll throw that on while I go help Kendall.
You nailed it, Chad. Seven minutes, perfect.
Thank you, Chicago, for your energy.
Thank you, Kamala Harris and Tim Walls for your vision.
Joe Biden for your leadership.
Six years ago, I was taking omelet orders
as a waitress in New York City.
I didn't have health insurance.
My family was fighting off foreclosure.
And we were struggling with bills
after my dad passed away unexpectedly from cancer.
Like millions of Americans,
we were just looking for an honest shake.
And we were tired of the cynical politics
that seemed blind to the realities of working people.
It was then, only through the miracles of democracy and community,
that the good people of the Bronx and Queens
chose someone like me to elect them in Congress.
In my heart, I know from that same cloth of hope and aspiration,
we will also elect Kamala Harris and Tim Walls
as president and vice president of the United States.
Is she dropping the fake Southern accent?
Has she become the true scion of the next generation?
You're not really a politician until you sound at least 10% Southern out of nowhere.
Listen, the thing is, Kay, it's just a standard American accent.
If her soaring rhetoric gets a little Southern, that's just what happens.
You don't do it too, Rick.
You do it too, Rick.
Because she is from the middle class.
I do like this still frame that we ended on.
Kendall is doing fine.
This is AOC just getting a little nutty with it.
I did check on Kendall. I just did.
To be honest, every time I visited the South in my youth,
I started picking up and found myself a little Southern.
Any country or locale that I visit that has a specific accent,
I will inevitably start not necessarily doing it, but semi-doing it.
Kendall needs more help.
We have to listen to more AOC.
Kendall got a tattoo removal.
She's getting tattoo removal done on her back,
so she needs help putting stuff on to make the removal go smoothly.
Don't worry in the meantime.
I'll leave you in the care of AOC here,
who is just blasting out the hottest points.
The urgency of rent checks and groceries and prescriptions.
She is as committed to our reproductive and civil rights
as she is to taking on corporate greed.
And she is working tirelessly to secure a ceasefire in Gaza
and bringing hostages home.
In Kamala, I see a leader who understands.
I see a leader with a real commitment to a better future for working families.
And Chicago, we have to help her win.
Because we know that Donald Trump would sell this country for a dollar
if it meant lining his own pockets and greasing the palms of his Wall Street friends.
I, for one, am tired of hearing about how a two-bit union buster
thinks of himself as more of a patriot than the woman
who fights every single day to lift working people out and travel in...
The way she said life there is a winner, unless I misheard it.
Let's play that back.
Wait, what happened with the way she said life there?
She got a little carried away.
She went with a hard life.
She's just fired up.
That's how you say life when you're affirming it.
I believe in the power of life.
She went full my wife.
She went my wife on it.
I gotta listen to that one more time.
That's beautiful.
She's got my vote.
I'm not a big country.
You are the fight for the wealthy and big business.
I have to say, watching some of these DNC speeches,
I am struck by how bad at public speaking a lot of politicians are.
Oh, what? Mr. Case, I stream, so I know how to talk.
I'm not saying I would do better.
I don't think I would be incredibly great at giving some soaring public rhetoric speech.
But when you hear enough of them back to back to back,
it really just feels like a collection of five or six tricks.
Oh, yeah, what are those?
Well, Biden literally constantly goes up in his week in almost every sentence.
He's like, that's why America, we're going to do this thing.
Well, he's just perfected it.
He's honed his blade down to one powerful verbal jujitsu.
You vote twice for Case?
I accept votes in duos, actually.
If you can't cheat to vote for me, then I don't want your vote.
Like Spartan stealing cheese, you must cheat to earn this vote.
Grayface cannot be your constituent.
No, that's the grunge.
Well, I think she's doing great.
I mean, you know, whatever.
I guess I don't, like, I don't strongly disagree with anything she's saying.
Maybe other than Kamala Harris being like the avatar of the middle class.
And it's, I don't know if that's the healthiest way to view any politician, but.
Go off, King.
The King is going.
King AOC is going off.
And I'm proud to see it.
Let's see if anything is happening live before we move on to going amongst the web.
I know that this is these are the vegetables.
What's up?
Whoa, what's that?
Is that same?
Is this the same union boss that was talking at the RNC?
Wait, no, is this a daily?
What?
Who was that?
Who was that?
To quit.
Everyone go back.
That sounds across from there for our brothers and sisters from Teamsters and all of our
brothers and sisters from Union.
Is that judge, is that judge, Mil Slane?
I think it's the Teamsters guy.
Yeah, he's.
What do you talk about Kamala Harris want to throw a little bit of dirt.
So here we go.
After years of dead ends and broken promises, President Biden and Vice President Harris brought
Republicans and Democrats together to actually get something done.
Trump promised to construct a week but never built anything.
But this time, the Biden-Harris administration is actually breaking ground and we're starting
to turn dirt.
We missed who this is.
But anyway, that is who was talking.
All I'll see.
And letting us know that actually we've reached across the aisle when we've solved it.
Solved what?
They got the thing done.
Gores against TOS.
I don't know who this is.
He kind of looks like the Union guy that was talking at the RNC.
Who was, I don't think politically necessarily committed to either party.
Archangel 713, thank you for the 19 months.
Anyway, that is what's going on at the DNC.
Currently.
And the highlights of last night, the important issue-based highlights from the previous night.
Yes, the issue of get excited.
Oh, sorry, that was the main issue.
The main issue was get excited because we finally got it.
Don't wave at me.
We finally got adults at the wheel.
You know, daddy's home, mommy's home and the parents are taking over and we don't
have to worry anymore.
I just don't know if I feel that...
I mean, you know, I'm certainly not going to vote for Trump, but I just, I don't know
if I've found this to be that inspiring.
Well, you're the only one.
Everybody else is fucking fired up.
We're blasting fucking Beyonce.
And, um, most of the cases need to get on our level.
I can't play this much Beyonce on this stream without getting in trouble.
No, I think it's copyright free now.
She gave it back to the people because Kamala is for the people, so I'm pretty
sure we can play this Beyonce song as much as we want now.
I don't think that's how that works, but, um, thanks anyway, Rick.
And thank you.
We'll be back with more GNC coverage later with me, your quarterback for the facts
and your favorite deep state newsman, Rick.
See you soon.
Thanks, facts.
My voice gets so crazy sometimes.
Maybe, um, maybe Rick can, I mean, uh, Jeff can fill us in on who that was talking
down at the DNC.
Jeff, you got anything for us?
Um, that was, uh, just the somebody's pal who lost a bet.
They were playing dice in the, uh, entrance way, one of the convention entrance ways.
He lost.
He had to go up there and give him just three minutes on sort of unions and or just
America good.
I think he did his best.
Oh, that was just a completely random guy.
That's the story I'm hearing.
That was just a guy that kind of, he lost a game of dice and the bet was he had
to go up and give a three minute speech.
Damn.
Well, that's how it goes sometimes.
That's how it, saying it a lot.
I don't think that's how it goes most of the time, but I'll, I'll be here at the
DNC bringing you all the facts, letting you know exactly what's going on.
We've got some huge speeches coming up tonight.
Um, Obama.
Oh, Obama.
Yeah, Obama's going to like, he's going to remind us of what 22, what 2010
felt like 2008, baby.
We're going to get those classic late arts vibes.
Just can't wait.
It wasn't Judge Mills Lane.
Oh, sorry.
I'm being informed that that was Judge Mills Lane.
What?
Yeah, the story I heard earlier was, um, I think Hassan Pikers in here
somewhere and he's spreading that as a rumor to razz any other
streaming outfits that may be here.
I don't think he would care enough to do that, Jeff.
Well, I think he had the exclusive Twitch rights to be here
and I'm being repeatedly asked to leave, but don't worry.
I won't.
And we'll be back very soon.
Well, hey, that's, that's great to hear that you're not giving up.
Uh, okay.
Well, let's set it amongst the web.
What really matters all along is internet videos was Mitch Landry.
I've been misled by Jeff.
It was Mitch Landry.
You all along this guy that everybody knows and loves Mitch Landry.
American lawyer and politician who served as mayor of New Orleans in
2010 to 2018.
Oh, yeah.
Obviously.
You got to, you got to keep up with this stuff, man.
You're supposed to be bringing the news.
You don't know who Mitch Landry you is.
You?
No, of course not.
But you do now.
Okay.
Well, look, we've killed enough time.
Let's go amongst the web.
Let's send it down to the power of the internet where the real decisions are made.
Let us fricking internet, I guess, you know, love to see it.
I'm going to call.
Hello.
Okay.
Um, when I'm good, this is, I'm going to, it's going to be a little meta now.
When case has this on, does he look like Billy Ray Cyrus?
Do I kind of look like Billy Ray Cyrus?
Oh, he does.
Shut up.
Does he really?
Does he look like Billy Ray Cyrus when he has this on?
Because this is all I think of.
I only think of Billy Ray Cyrus when I see a hat like this.
Is this supposed to be Billy Ray Cyrus?
Is this supposed to be a Billy Ray Cyrus filter?
It looks like Michael PS Hayes with it on.
Do I know who that is?
Michael.
Yes.
Hayes.
Oh, wrestler.
Oh, is this supposed to be a Michael P. A Hayes filter?
Not a Billy Ray Cyrus filter.
I don't know wrestling.
What are you talking about?
Why would I?
I, why would I ever know any type of wrestler?
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, he's back.
Bye.
Anyway, I'm Garf gutter.
Garf, what the hell was that, man?
You're supposed to be hosting.
You took like a two minute call right when the segment started.
Man, this is my manager.
You have a manager?
Yeah, I got a guy.
People are saying I look like Michael Hayes.
I mean, come on, man.
Let's see what this really was this guy looking like.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, but like, I'm bringing a little more sex.
What does that mean, Garf?
I just, you know, the vibes based economy, man.
More sex.
The equation.
You see?
Can we just please, you know what we do here?
I don't know, man.
Just fucking feel it.
You fucking feel it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, fucking.
Oh, God, we're amongst an internet man.
We've never seen like that before, but now we know.
All right, Garf, we're just going to set you up with some videos.
We've got a lot of webs to get through.
So just if you could take it easy on the 10 second songs.
Well, that's a full four minute track if you want it to be, just so you know.
I'm good.
The Beatles.
Wait, why did someone just post the Beatles?
Is this just the Beatles?
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
Whisper words of wisdom.
Let it be.
And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree.
I thought maybe he's just going to just be let it be.
But I guess it's just a slightly off pitched version of let it be.
Well, I'm sure it'll still let it give me a copyright strike.
So I'm glad to be need the extended cut.
I don't think we listen to all eight minutes of that.
Okay, it's divided into B major and B minor.
That's the that's my kind of video.
Whoever posted that that is exactly I love that kind of stuff.
You just love something put into different keys.
That's music man.
You don't really get music theory because you haven't played a thousand shows on the road.
But for us music heads we love minorly adjusting the key of stuff.
Maximation point one to ten is how you can rate that.
Let's see what else we got in the web tube today.
Don't mess with perfection.
No, they just improved it.
You adjust it to the titles.
If there's an A in your title, you make it an A minor song.
That one didn't do too well.
People just don't love the classics anymore.
Maybe let's see what else we have.
Probably a minor.
What?
Benny the bolt what happened?
I'm an artist so I'm very easily affected emotionally.
No.
Is the Kinsey Street Bridge done for?
Man that's one of my favorite bridges.
Whoever made Benny cry it's on site.
I'm so sorry for the failure loss of the Kinsey Street Bridge.
I have some incredible memories on that bridge man.
You know?
Wait you got a musician in here.
Look at this guy.
Look at him go. Damn.
That's what I needed to pick up my mood.
When I learned that my best friend bridge is getting destroyed.
Your best friend bridge?
Well my best bridge friend.
So many good memories under that bridge.
What have you been doing under that bridge?
Drugs.
It's like on a river.
Yeah it's not easy to do drugs under the Kinsey Street Bridge
but that didn't stop me.
Okay.
Let's change gears. Let's see what this is.
Holy shit. Is that real?
Yeah that's a real case.
That's a thousand percent real.
I've seen that before.
You riding on motorcycles around.
I've done that. You've done that?
Look I'm not a breaker but sometimes the road just takes you away man.
You're on your bike.
Winding your hair.
They're like fuck man I gotta just.
I gotta just break.
That's why I love the Olympics this year.
They haven't quite brought motorcycle break dancing into the Olympics
but you gotta start small and you know work your way up man.
It was 360 on a scooter.
It's a little, I'm just gonna say it looks a little doctored to me.
What?
Everything looks so fake to people.
You guys are in your phone so much you can't even tell what's real anymore.
That's why I don't have a phone.
You were on the phone for the first two minutes of this whole section.
That's a 9.43.
Exactly the people know how impressive that was.
That's why I don't have a phone to keep my brain pure.
We saw you take a call.
I don't believe in a man. I don't do it.
Competition here on the Paramount Lot.
Star Trek Voyager.
This is five minutes we might have to skip around because
I got a street attention span.
I gotta stay kind of...
I gotta stay more mobile than a five minute video.
And we'll see how much we can get.
Auditions started two years ago for Star Trek Voyager.
The fourth incarnation of Star Trek on television.
Now many actors were considered for the various roles
and to show you how that process works
we've asked a group of actors to recreate their audition for you.
Now out of this first group, I'm sad to say
only one actor was actually cast in Voyager.
The others had to scramble and kind of...
Look at this hand ridiculously handsome man.
All jawed up.
Sometimes it's not easy to be the handsome.
Captain Catherine Janeway commanding the USS Voyager.
She is an untested ship with an untested crew
but I believe over time we will grow to work as an efficient and cooperative team.
Are we going to fly this thing or are you just going to yack, yack, yack?
Oh, did you just live?
We're getting an order from Starfleet Request.
We meet the Enterprise at Starbase 15.
Hell, set a course for 1-19-41, Mark Gage.
Well sure, if you want to go the long way.
Oh, it's Frazier.
Oh no, we're not taking another one of your short-cuts.
Oh nice, I love this show.
You love Frazier?
I went through a tear in the time and space continuum
and wound up in ancient Pompeii.
Well, we escaped and we...
I like Space Frazier.
Yes, and my brand new Romulan loafers were singed beyond recognition.
People!
Wait, does Frazier show up? Where's Frazier?
We have an unidentified ship approaching at Blooddy Hell.
She's really moving.
We must have Frazier.
It's not an attack. It's more of a desire to embrace.
No. Hold on.
Captain, I believe they want to breed with us.
I'm not sure I'm reading this instrument.
Frazier.
Either we have a malfunction in our left turn signal
or there's an armed Klingon on board the turbo lift.
Come on, man. Bring me some Frazier.
Is that him?
Is that not Frazier?
Wait a minute. That's better not be Frazier.
He'd probably get in trouble for that.
Does this belong to you?
Hey, be careful with the dog.
Come here, boy.
We found him on the Klingon home world.
He was digging up azalea bushes
and we've just relanqued.
Sorry about that, Alistair Kerrbid.
Well, yes.
But next time it's intergalactic war,
we will destroy every molecule of the Federation.
That seems reasonable.
Now do you see why we shouldn't have pets on Starships?
Well, you let her have a pet.
She had that big hairy thing with the horns and the three eyes.
You're thinking that's Sarah Michelle Gillard.
A pet? It was a date.
Anyway, it wouldn't have gotten out if somebody
hadn't left the shuttle door bay open.
Oh, no, you do. You're not pinning this on me.
Where's Frazier?
I'd watch Frazier without Frazier.
Really?
You don't need Frazier for Frazier.
You just need the hot one.
Who's the hot one?
Little blind guy.
Little hot guy.
Oh, you like Niles?
Yeah.
That's your end to Niles.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
That's your end to Niles.
He gets it.
You know.
I mean, also the lady that was his sort of love interest?
Frazier was busy being
sideshow Bob?
Well, someone in chat pointed out
he's like into
maybe at the other convention, right?
Yeah, Frazier's a little
conservative.
So in our
seemingly fairly liberal space
future as presented by Voyager. Maybe he wouldn't fit in. Although Voyager sort of got more into the
potential flaws in their intergalactic utopia more so than the other series blah blah blah blah.
Oh I'm getting blah blah blah again. I need to see show me more of these little guys. Show me
more of these little video guys. Web videos? Show me more of these little video guys. What else
we got? A robot? Oh shit look at this. I celebrate all types of music man.
We don't, you don't have to keep, you don't have to sing over this record. I don't have to.
That's beautiful. That is beautiful. What, why'd you stop it? Just you know I might have had enough
copyrighted tracks on this stream already. That's a cover. You can't get trouble for covers.
Was it a cover? Yeah man it's not. Robots didn't originally sing that believe it or not.
It was Billy Idol. Well I don't think it was a robot. I think I could still get a little
little ding ding for that. Yeah we'll see. Anyway they look great. They look great.
And I'm sad that you cut it off. Me too but sometimes I get Star Trek for the greater good I must.
Whoa. I don't know what this is but it looks promising. That's an 8.22. People love the
music after all. Respect. That's got specific taste in music. I get that. Everybody moves at
different speeds. Let's see what speed these ladies move at. We got something hot coming in.
Sorry I don't want to interrupt these women. Listen up Jack. What's up? Uncle Fuller with
this man. Jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this. Hey oh I just got
home from seeing Deadpool. Wolverine freaking awesome. I greeted my case stream. This day can't get any
better. I'm glad that the president finally got to see that because I don't really believe in movies.
What does that even mean? Garf. I just don't really believe in movies but I've heard if I had to
that'd be the one I believe in. Deadpool and Wolverine is the one movie you believe in.
People love them and I love the people. I'm a music musician for the people.
Let's see what these ladies are up to. I'm curious.
Like I said I like all types of music. Let your freak flag fly.
Does that count as your freak flag flying? They're getting into it. They're expressing themselves in
their own way. You can't judge. That's it. You can't judge. You don't believe in judging? I don't
believe in judging so to me that was pretty solid. We'd literally rate videos on here though.
Thank God the right don't riot. The right don't riot. I've noticed them doing that before.
I don't really judge so if I see a crowd misbehaving I just think what is behaving?
Probably not rioting. People are saying that's a point for one. I'm just saying to me
it's just a big old squiggle through the air. I don't judge. All right, all right Garf.
I won't force you to judge. What is this? The Melon Venus on X.
Um, okay. Let's see what this is. What are we working with? I don't judge man to me. That was
whatever man. Seems a little annoying maybe. Seems like a streamer or something. Isn't
that what they do? They walk around in front of cameras and crowds and they're like I'm
fucking loud. I'm loud and I don't think that's a streamer though. I think you have to be famous
to get away with that. Are streamers famous? Um, yes. I guess they're interviewing like presidential
candidates so I miss me and they're kind of mainstream right? Yeah, so he's probably just
he's probably like a streamer or something. He's not that's just a guy being making dinosaur
noises on them on a crowded train. I'd give him a dollar. 3.79 most of chat wouldn't give him a
dollar. You give him a dollar? You know, buskins hard man. You got to mix it up sometimes.
I get a dollar. I give a dollar. That's the way it is. You know, actually, if you give a dollar
every time you get a dollar you actually end up making a dollar. You know Rick, that's actually
sorry not Rick. I'm not Rick man. I think everybody's Rick today. I'm Garf Gutter.
Sorry Garf. It's a beautiful sentiment. I apologize. It's been hyperlong before.
Oh my gosh. They're giving Hitler the old dollar. They're giving Kamala the old downfall
treatment. We might save that one. It's because there's a couple to get through.
Not that I don't love the classic memes. Oh, what am I even looking at? I like it when I
can't tell at all what something is from the whoa. All right, little violence ahead just to warn
you guys but it's not human on human violence. Whoa. See they just got to do that on a train.
You just do this on a train then it's like
then it pushes it to the next level. You know what I mean? Is that a fight? That's just two
pals, Horace and a ring. You never fought it. You never fought your best friend in some hay?
Um, no. You got to have a good hay fight with your pals, man.
You don't really even know the measurement till you've tussled with them in some hay.
That's just sex. It can lead to sex, obviously, but it just depends on the vibe of the hay fight.
Sometimes you have a powerful masculine hay fight. Yeah, at least 100% to sex, but
sometimes just two men pitting their or is against one another.
Seeing if you're really hay brothers.
Don't look some toddlers going after it, going at it over the last yogurt.
There's only one yogurt. There's only one way to solve who gets it. You know what I mean?
Or rolling in the hay. Yeah. You've never even really felt the color of your soul until you've
had a hay fight. Okay. This video is called I have a bad case of diarrhea.
It's going to make sure this doesn't feature like a close-up of an ass. Shit.
Can we not watch it if it does? Because I'll watch that. I don't judge.
Um, it doesn't. So we can watch it. And now I am curious.
Okay, hold on. Where does it hurt?
Oh, I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't.
This is what it's like to be a brother.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
What is it?
Of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
Oh, wait. They're teaching English. Sorry. I want to know what...
Shoot. I can't say that. Well, Tashi-Wai is how it started.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
All right.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
Like workout bikinis.
Crosses.
Why wouldn't they be?
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
This is a great way to learn English.
Is this how they teach Japanese?
Because I will learn Japanese if this is how they do it.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I have a bad case of diarrhea.
I just love music, man. Like I said.
Kind of like a classic simple 80s beat, you know?
I have a bad case.
It actually reminds me of one of my songs, man.
I have this song that goes like...
I've been running down with a little bottle of foam.
Pooping little time going out all the time.
Now it's time running out of there.
Well, man.
You know that one?
It sounds a lot like all of your other songs that seem to have the exact same
acoustic backing.
You just don't hear the...
You're not hearing the poetry of the guitar, man.
That's why it sounds the same to you.
Anyway, that song is about...
It's actually about it, you know, one time I didn't poop for six weeks.
Because I decided I didn't believe in poop.
I have to believe in poop, you know?
I just... I didn't believe in it for a while.
I lost faith in it, so...
I didn't poop for six weeks.
That's what that song's about.
Florida Man.
Here's a Florida Man.
Let's see what the Florida Man's up to.
Like I said, I just love music.
They're vibing.
They're vibing in their own way.
You know, that does look like slightly more fun than the DNC so far.
Is that dude in socks?
Sock check.
Yes.
100%.
But you know if you think about it...
Socks are just shoes.
I thought about it.
I thought about it, gruff.
I don't think socks are just shoes.
Yeah, but you think about it again, man.
In a sense, socks are just shoes, man.
Because they're both on your feet?
Ding ding.
This one's coming in the middle.
Not everything can be, you know, not everything can be at perfect 10.
Sometimes you got to dance at a five.
The peaks and valleys of life, brother.
You know what I mean?
Um, I guess I know what you mean.
Hmm, what's going on here?
We're gonna skip around a little bit.
Apologies if I miss anybody.
Oh, TikTok safe education.
Might double back if this comes up,
if I stream again tomorrow amongst the Webbit,
This is the interest of as watching as many of these
from as many people as possible.
Skip around a little bit.
What the fuck?
All right.
I got a hot TikTok for you, gruff.
It's Garf, by the way.
It's actually Garf.
Go!
Oh, no, little guy.
Get up.
Wog it off.
Wog it off, little buddy.
Oh, Wog it off, man.
Damn, gotta walk that off.
You get hit by cars.
They have...
What's happening to me?
Wog it off.
Ah, I got his organs.
Got his organs all.
Smuggled around.
Uh-oh, Wog it off, buddy.
Come on, buddy.
No, no, no, no, no.
Just Wog it off, man.
You Wog it off.
Get my patch, you're fine.
That's a cool look.
What's happening to me?
What's happening to me?
Absolutely happening to me.
You sleep on a construction site, that happens to you.
Ah, shoot his pelvis.
I hit him, that happened.
Oh, I thought they had it.
Oh, Wog it off.
Wog it off, pal.
Damn, that could have hurt a little bit.
Some of those...
Some of those...
Some of those would hurt.
Some of those would hurt.
Couple of those would really hurt.
I'd say about 70% of that's happened to me.
I slept in a lot of construction sites, man.
And stuff happens, you know.
I've had my pelvis...
Of course I've had my pelvis just shattered so many times.
I got like a robo-pelvis at this point.
I don't really believe in medicine.
Oh, what a surprise.
But you know, I've...
I've had to have my pelvis replaced five or six times.
Not always by a doctor.
You should really go with a doctor.
Not if your pal can do it.
Not if Markey can do it.
Let's see.
That was a sick video.
That was a good one.
9.64.
DNC roll call time?
Oh boy.
Is that what's going on right now?
We'll pretend this is part of the internet.
Oh yeah, we're in the internet.
This is part of it.
DNC live.
How do you cast your vote?
Mr. Secretary, Democrats abroad
represents millions of Americans who live abroad and vote back home in all 50 states
far and wide to see.
Can you cast a vote?
Can you cast a vote?
Everybody's rockin' a bow.
Can you cast a vote?
Yeah, we're rockin' a bow.
Can you cast a vote?
Can you cast a vote?
A large diverse community.
We joyfully cast 21 votes for Kamala Harris.
Yeah.
I don't even know.
I don't believe in voting obviously, but I'm glad that they're excited.
What does it mean when you don't believe in things?
This is, you know, I don't subscribe to them, man.
I ain't sceptin' that as my reality, man.
You make your own reality, man.
That's what I'm bl- that's the only thing I believe in, man.
We're rating that one.
That counts as part of this video on the internet.
It's happening live.
What is still- all these tubes are connected, man.
They're sending this little video straight into our brains.
I got mixed feelings about it.
You not believe in it?
I mean...
Jury's up.
Hmm.
So apparently a joker- we might skip that one.
What?
He's on psychedelics?
You meditate enough, man.
You're permanently on psychedelics.
The people don't love the DNC today.
That had such a fun track.
That was a zero.
It also might just not have got-
It might have gotten no votes.
Oh, but if nobody votes, does it default to zero?
I guess so.
Nobody voted on the democracy video?
That's so sad.
But I get it, man.
I don't believe in it.
Okay.
Let's see what this says.
What?
What are you confused about?
Is that the teacher?
Just kids being kids, man.
That's how it is.
You ever been a substitute teacher before?
You've been a substitute teacher?
Oh, yeah.
I'll just go from time to time.
If I find a classroom that's empty,
I'll just start teaching in it.
A couple of people show up.
They're like, what's this?
You just keep talking.
Anyway, they get up to that kind of stuff.
Kids are crazy, man.
Certainly I see K-Chop.
Certainly I see K-Chop.
I thought it was a beautiful expression of rebellion?
What?
It was beautiful, man.
Have kids randomly kissing your face?
Yeah.
I mean, obviously people will try to kiss me.
I've had an innate sense that when someone's underage though,
so I got like an auto dodge for that.
My hat will pull down around my head.
What's up, cast heads?
You're now amongst the web with your best pal, Garf.
We're currently amongst the web with Garf Gutter.
Started from the Gutter, now I'm Garf.
My dad's last name wasn't actually Garf Gutter.
It was O'Shanisee.
What a surprise.
Google trash, thank you so much for the 20 months.
Cast him, thank you so much for the raid.
We're going amongst the web.
We've watched some pretty solid ones today, honestly.
Let's do three more.
Garf, before we check back in on the DNC.
Oh, you're going back to the DNC?
I love that.
You do?
Nah.
Oh, okay.
Whoa, uh, watch out.
This is another fight video.
Let's see what's happening.
Damn, let's see that again.
I love strong women.
I'm not afraid of strong women, so...
For me, that video was a huge turnout.
One punch grandma.
They got that fucking bag.
Caught in compromise, man.
Done for.
I've seen some shit on the streets.
That was a mugging.
That bag.
Strong stuff.
I'm so turned on.
Why?
Because they were so strong.
I'm kind of next level that way.
I'm turned on by strength from women.
You don't have to say it like that, Garf.
What?
I'm not afraid to say it.
I'm turned on by strong ladies.
You got a problem with that?
Take it up with my mommy.
That's fine, man.
Yeah, 9.6, it is fine.
Whoa, what's this?
I'm scared.
Let's see what this is.
It doesn't want to die.
Is it biting her?
Can it do that?
Is it still on her?
She... oh, does she become a shrimp now?
Oh, it's a mattress shrimp.
We don't know her arms off camera.
We don't know if she still has an arm.
She's openly weeping, which I also support.
You know what?
That video was also a huge turnout.
What?
I also support weak women.
I like people in all shapes sizes and dispositions.
I love an openly weeping woman.
That sounds not right, Garf.
What?
I'm not afraid.
Ladies, bring me your weakness.
Bring me your strength.
You're just turned on by women, then.
Guilty as charged.
Guilty as charged.
Garf sound Republican?
I don't prescribe.
I don't believe in that.
Of course you don't.
I don't believe in that.
How does it like people, man?
Whether they're weak and weeping or strong
and just beating the shit out of me.
Show me what you got.
Okay, I guess you just like people?
Absolutely.
I'm a humanist.
Okay.
Forgive.
What the hell is that?
Man, this looks like another disaster waiting to happen.
Let's see.
Forgive me, Father Friar, I've shined.
These are my top 10 shimmers of the month.
Oh!
He's doing this to himself?
Wait.
That was that was worse than the other ones.
Ow!
Won't this eventually just break your legs?
I'm turned on again.
Garf.
I don't know.
I'm not trying to explain that one.
I'm turned on though.
Serious, sadist?
No, no, no, no.
I love people, man.
I guess I like shins.
I think I like exposed shins.
I hated it as well, Chad.
To me, that was a painful one.
That's what it's about, man.
It's putting the shins out there.
He's letting the people know.
A lot of zeroes coming in for that one.
Hey, man, you turn a zero upside down.
You got yourself an o-face.
I think zero is fair for that.
Some people love it.
I'm going to give it a 10.
Exclamation point.
10.
You're inflating the ratings.
Don't use my chat, Garf.
It's everybody's chat.
I don't believe in chat ownership.
It's all of our chat's case.
We're going to do two more.
I keep saying we're doing blank more.
I'm going to scroll to the bottom
to the more recently uploaded ones.
And we'll double back tomorrow if we do this again.
What is happening?
A knife.
Is this from Live in Sleazy?
This is our Oscar de la Hoya check-in.
He doesn't get totally naked here, does he?
No.
Okay.
I probably shouldn't watch this,
but it's too late.
I've clicked on it.
Oh, Zosker.
What's up, man?
I love this guy.
He's the hangout of this guy.
Johnny, la gente esta muy loca.
I just love music.
I just love to see a couple having fun.
Let me guess, you're turned on?
No, man, that was beautiful.
It's not all about sex case.
God, the penis did look a little loud.
It was covered.
You're good.
It's covered.
You can show as much flopping as you want,
as long as you cover the flop.
That's in the Constitution,
which I don't believe in for the record.
Exclamation point rate feels a little bit different.
After you watch a video like that.
Rate it up, chat.
How would you rate that?
One, a two, six, a nine.
I don't think they're rating it highly.
I guess you guys don't believe in love anymore.
And I've been there, man.
Sometimes you get you get drowned out in negativity, but what I saw there was a couple just
loving life.
But they posted.
Why did they post it?
Sometimes you got to share your love.
Exactly.
Why?
What at what point do you record that and think I have to share this the moment you see it and it
sparks joy?
Marie Kondo didn't have it all.
Miss Kondo or whatever.
I used to say that before her.
It sparks joy.
Posted.
You don't believe in phones.
Yeah, but I used to put posters up.
The stuff I liked because it sparked joy.
I was one of the first people to say that.
Let's do one more.
We're going to do one more.
Garf, let's see if I can find one that looks like a total.
Hmm.
This feels like your kind of guy Garf.
Let's end with this.
Oh yeah, I'm happy.
I know this guy.
Y'all never see those videos in New York City in like 1912 and everyone's bustling
her in around on the street.
And I think God damn they were stressed back then too, man.
And now look, they're all gone.
And I know that's the person to think about, but it reminds me of a quote from, I think,
Anne Lorette said it.
I repeat home saying every 100 years, there's all new people, baby.
Every 100 years all new people.
The people we're on earth with right now.
This is our crew.
Okay.
In the same way you can't pick your family, but you got to get along with them.
We can't pick the people we're on earth with, but we got to get along, man.
In the whole grand scheme of the universe, all the time, all the space,
the people on earth right now, this is a tiny little group, man.
And we get to be a part of it, man.
I'm in the grocery store.
I see a fella.
I think, God damn I'm on earth at the same time as that guy.
Man, I see a cool lady.
I think, man, we're alive at the same time.
Man, I just freaking sick, man.
Be kind to your neighbor, man.
This is what it's all about.
I'm glad I'm on earth at the same time as y'all.
Thank y'all.
Keep on rocking.
You're gonna fucking shit it all, man.
You should fall off with a foul, wow, man.
God damn it.
Let's say I went with a trophy to y'all.
Yeah, nah, man.
Yeah, man.
Fuck it, man.
He said it all, dude.
That was beautiful.
You're part of my crew, man.
Whether you want to be or not.
We're all moving around in this crazy dust mite
that we call a plan and we're all getting a little sticky.
So let's just get sticky together, buddy.
We're all just getting, at the end of the day,
aren't we all just getting sticky, you know?
What was it?
I guess it's a nice sentiment, yeah.
Yeah, man, it's the sentiment.
You're all part of my crew, too, Chet.
Each and every one of you.
We're all in this dust mite together.
Why is it a dust mite?
It's a little speck of dust mite.
In a cosmic sense, man, we're all a little,
we're all at the flea circus, man,
and there ain't no conductor.
You know what I mean?
So let's get sticky together.
It's a beautiful video to end on
and a well-deserved 10.
It was a 9.6, I think.
10 out of 10.
Excellent work, everybody.
We all became a little more human today.
Almost as human as this guy.
He's the most human one here.
He's playing that song right now.
He's got an acoustic setting on that keyboard, you know?
Okay, well, yeah, great work.
Thanks, Garf.
And thank all of you, man.
You know, I don't stay for a long time.
I don't stay for a good time, man.
I'm just part of time.
Each and every one of you is due.
I'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.
Thanks to Garf.
Thanks, Garf.
Yeah.
Yeah, man, happy to do it.
Holy shit, you got up here so fast.
He's already gone.
You left that fast.
He's right.
He doesn't stay for a long time.
God, man, he blows in and out.
Give me a bunch of Cheetos, though.
I told him to stop giving you Cheetos.
It's not good for you.
It is.
I'm getting three pounds of muscle.
Oh, that's that thing on your side,
that weird ball that you're dragging around.
Yeah, my muscle sack.
I got a muscle sack on my side.
I drag it with me wherever I go.
And I grew it from eating Cheetos.
It is Fiona's dog.
Never forget that case.
I belong to Fiona.
So.
So what?
Exactly.
So what?
Oh, OK.
Anyway, what's going on?
Um, I don't think we have any of the requests yet.
So I guess we can check back in with the DNC.
Maybe if we're lucky, if we're really,
if we've been really good,
the roll call will still be happening.
Um, let's see if it's,
let's see what's going on live.
Oh, we're in luck.
It is.
We're with it today, a new day for the brave and open hearted people of this country.
We have approved lives, restored rights and preserved our country.
And made for future generations,
made leads and as they go, so we'll go the nation.
Wow.
I guess I can ask Jeff how it's going live on the floor.
Everybody's losing their shit down there.
Um, currently they're on Maryland.
You can't see it behind me because they're not doing it on the stage.
Maryland, how do you cast your vote?
How's Maryland going to do it?
We are Maryland!
This is coming in live from behind me.
Wow, Maryland.
I wonder who they're going to cast their votes for.
Who's to say?
A very good Marshall.
We are the birthplace of President.
Sorry, that's something like you,
someone has gifted 88 subs,
but thank you for the gifted sub Giggle Trash.
It really, it really inflated the numbers there,
but we sincerely appreciate it.
We certainly do 88 votes cast for,
oh shit, I walked back on stage.
Fuck.
Hey, just so you know, I'm not part of this.
Of the United States.
I don't, I didn't mean to interrupt everybody.
I just keep, I'm trying to get to the bathroom.
Whoever set this up, you got to walk through the stage
to get to the bathroom.
I apologize, Maryland.
I really don't mean to interrupt what you've got going.
Massachusetts, you're up next.
Why is it playing the dropkick Murphys?
Isn't that Biden's thing?
Can't we, I'm not trying to steal valor.
I apologize.
I'm just going to go to the bathroom.
I'll be right out of everybody's hair case.
Back to you.
Jeff, are you live in the bathroom right now?
Yeah, I'm also live in the bathroom.
I can't show you that.
I need to not show that.
Oh, my bad.
This guy's fired up.
Damn, this shit's sick.
Oh shit, Chet's here.
Yo, what's up?
This is me, Big Chetter.
Can I, can we do this too?
Can we do roll calls at the start of every stream?
For what?
I don't know, man, for whatever.
This is nasty.
Everybody gets to kind of like chime in and just say shit.
They're, they fucking, they're straight up doing Eminem.
They're straight dropping Eminem.
That's incredible.
This is Eminem's mom.
They got her.
That's Kim.
Chet, that is not Kim.
No, they got Kim for this.
This is huge.
And that's Kim's aunt Gretchen Whitmer.
Eminem's mom is not related to Gretchen Whitmer.
They're really blocking her face.
Gretchen, adjust.
They said it wrong.
The votes don't count.
Unfortunately, when they say it wrong,
they do, they do actually negate all the votes.
I don't mean to run that back.
I got to go back to live.
Minnesota.
Oh, hell yes.
Who is this guy?
That's Dave.
Yeah, they're paying for the rights for all these.
This guy's got a beautiful speaking voice.
They passed on voting.
No votes for Minnesota.
Damn, we don't get any of their 81.
Sorry.
You are allowed to pass.
Yeah, what's up?
They just weren't feeling it.
The Vobs are off, Uncle Phil.
I don't know why they passed.
Mr. January 6th.
Wait, what?
Oh, they got the chief from January 6th.
Are you sure you don't want to pass, sir?
It's the hottest thing right now.
Because Waltz is from Minnesota.
Yeah, maybe.
A celebration of life.
Who the hell is this?
That's DJ academics.
That's not DJ academics.
I think they got DJ academics for this.
People are very excited that he's come to the side of the Democrats
and that he got a new haircut.
Oh my God, what's up with this guy?
Mr. Secretary, I'm Russ Carnahan,
chairman of Missouri Democrats.
We're home to Super Bowl champion, Kansas City cheese.
And so we get double the votes this year.
We should give the state that wins the Super Bowl double the votes.
I agree with that.
Nobody memorized their speech.
That's not worth it.
I like the guy behind him.
He looks pumped up.
I'm still rooting for Bernie.
What?
Yeah, maybe if maybe someone was just throw a couple of votes Bernie's way.
I don't think he's running case.
Yeah, but I still have the bumper stickers.
So I just got us to pour them anyway.
Bernie Sanders.
Oh, look at this guy.
The last best place.
What does that mean?
The last best place.
The last place you want to be,
but it's the best place to be when it's the last place you want to be.
That's what Lenny Kravitz would want.
I mean, if you're going to rock Lenny Kravitz,
you've got to give your votes to Kamala.
Oh, thank God we've made it to Nebraska.
The first last place you don't want to not be.
I got a feeling.
Our homeboy.
Tim Walters.
Malcolm X standing there.
A name I couldn't quite hear in Tim Walters.
That's the murderers we're other going with.
It's a powerful crew.
It's a new entourage.
Why can't the actual election be like this?
That's a fair question.
Why are we denied?
But we got a debate coming up.
Sorry.
I don't know why I'm so transfixed by this.
There's like a nice flow to it because
I know what states are.
And so it's exciting to see every new state show up.
I'm sorry, but we did miss probably half of it.
What?
The killers.
What?
I don't know if she's quite done running from it though.
Yeah, I don't.
I think we might, unfortunately,
still be in store for some gun violence under Kamala Harris.
Well, look, she started on a Dower note,
but now we're all about to cheer again.
So don't worry.
Are they going to pass?
I really like it when they pass after all this.
I want to see that happen again.
Anyway, sorry, debate was demanded.
Are there better seasonal food products in spring and summer?
Sorry.
Are there better spring and summer or fall and winter?
Better seasonal products in spring and summer or fall and winter?
Okay.
We'll settle that for you.
Don't worry.
Let us let's just get through a couple more states.
I'm just so excited to see states.
You really love states today, Chad.
There's 50 of these bad boys and everyone has a different name.
Look, passing is just polite sometimes.
Puff puff vote, y'all.
Yes, I love that part of it.
We hold the rest of the nation hostage with our primary.
And that's their God given right.
Yeah, it's God who gave them that right.
I am.
She's getting like the best wind up music.
Take this moment and pass to Bernie.
Oh, okay.
Still could be Bernie.
Oh, no.
Okay.
He's probably a little black in South Asian.
I guess you're right.
Bernie isn't running.
I should stop getting my hopes up.
You might be a couple years late on your hopes there.
DJ academics is killing it.
Again, shut that is not DJ academics.
We got Bruce going is the pass a protest vote against Harris becoming the de facto
candidate without any primaries or votes.
I don't think so.
I think we all just collectively decided that was fine.
Yeah, everybody's good.
Good with that, man.
There's no other way to do it.
There is literally no other way to do it.
I do think just the specter of Corpse president,
like the movie Corpse Bride, but maybe a little scarier.
We were all just like, please anybody else.
So the first sign of somebody else for, I think, 90% of Democrats are like, it's fine.
Nice.
That one kind of slapped.
I'm looking up why they passed.
Why do states pass during the UNC World Call?
Not finding quick and easy solutions here.
Sometimes when I fight, I lose.
So that's that is good for the DNC.
Yeah, I'm not finding anything online of why I can't have you remember which state passed.
Titus O'Neill might be there for Florida.
Man, that man slipped under the ring in international politics.
Are they rocking a Kanye song?
Does it just sound like a Kanye song to me?
Whoa, that is a hell of a mustache to her right.
Minnesota passed.
Okay.
I guess nobody gives a shit because I'm not finding anything on why they passed.
So maybe that is the correct, I mean, that probably is the correct stances to just not care.
Minnesota passed.
I'm just gonna look up on Twitter and maybe someone will fill me in there.
There are other people on Twitter confused, much like Case.
I think usually the president of UP state passed.
Okay, that one does make the most sense.
But I'll never forgive them.
Wait, I thought you were into them passing.
Yeah, but they set up my expectations.
What the fuck?
Spike Lee is just there.
I was Spike Lee, still so famous.
What's the last movie Spike Lee made?
Spike is a delegate.
Wow, okay.
Why not?
Capital One NCAA, halftime at home.
This last thing he made according to IMDb.
Maybe that's not his director.
Oh, it is.
Well, he's not as active in the directing world as he used to be.
He made Black Clansman.
I remember that.
Yes!
Yes!
Damn, they got Hillary.
She's friends with Megan Thee Stallion.
I think we just got to see this thing through, Case.
How many more states are there?
We have a debate to get to.
Yeah, but we're already in North Carolina already.
I don't think...
They're not going alphabetically, I don't think.
They need to have like a...
They need to cross off names on a board as they go.
She's only 15 years old, Case.
Look what she's doing.
I think...
I don't think you could be that young, Chet.
She's a baby.
She's the first baby...
delegate.
She's fucking spitting right now.
Oh wait, are they going alphabetically?
Uh...
I don't know if my states well enough to know if Ne would...
And then No is correct when going alphabetically.
Yeah, I guess they must be going alphabetically.
We're hitting all the Ns.
We're hitting every N word.
All the N word states.
They are.
They're hitting every single N word state in the world.
This is the N word section.
Is this guy going to sell me a car?
Because I'm sold.
Oh shit, or is he a basketball announcer?
Wow, Fiona could stand to watch this.
She'd be like New Hampshire.
Oh shit, that's not DJ academics?
It's... I think he said his name before, Chet.
I kind of don't get why he chimes in sometimes, and sometimes it's the other guy.
This is the only part of this DNC I've enjoyed so far.
Because of this state, it's got to...
Everybody loves the Alyssa States.
Are we still on New Hampshire?
I don't think this is New...
It's South Carolina.
Nice.
I love a good sticker.
But she's saying that's bad.
Yeah, but everybody cheered, so I think we're chill with it.
That wasn't Hawaii?
No, it's the Mariana Island.
No, that was Ohio case.
Shit, we have various territories that we rule over with an iron fist.
Oh yeah, for God.
Did she get to spell the whole thing?
Ah, oh it spelled O-O.
AFL-C-I-O.
I-I-I-O.
Some of these applause breaks I think will only ever work on this specific crowd.
Oh, it's like the AFL-C-I-O is a union thing.
She looks surprised by that.
Oklahoma usurped her with the run-in.
Oh fuck, Oklahoma with the run-in, cutting off Ohio's time.
The entire state of Oklahoma is behind her.
Every single Oklahoma is actually in this frame right now.
Shit, there's millions of people there.
It's just these guys.
But they still get a vote.
That's just democracy.
Big-Big-Big J-Tub is from Oklahoma.
Big J-Tubs in that shot.
Shout out to Big J-Tub.
Oregon.
Ooh, we think we'll get Lin-Manuel for Puerto Rico.
That's...
Breverewulf, are you there?
Are you in the room?
Modest buses, Modest Bus, Oregon?
I guess so.
Are they just stealing this from Brooklyn?
They're stealing it from the 2000s indie Brooklyn scene.
The VOD's gonna be all muted.
I actually don't know if it will.
I think a bunch of different carriers are covering...
Oh, because these fucking songs.
Yeah, these songs might get you, case.
Well, sometimes Twitch just doesn't give a shit.
Only mail voting.
All mail voting.
Oh, shit.
It's like me rapping.
Nah, this guy's better than you.
Party people at the DNC.
Everybody send a vote and follow me.
Whacking yellow, Pennsylvania.
I guess that makes sense.
Black and yellow, black and yellow, black and yellow.
Yeah, DJ Academic does also rap.
You just agreed that he wasn't DJ Academic.
Cut to the screaming guy.
Who's yelling at us?
Yeah, this guy rocked.
This guy's got big E energy.
Oh, Chicago!
That kind of ruled.
That guy's got it.
That guy and...
The LGBTQ lady so far are winning this.
Oh, my energy suddenly went down a little bit.
Well, that is not a flattering angle for Josh Shapiro.
RFK!
RFK with the run-in!
The worm is leaking out of his head.
It's hitting people as he runs by them.
Okay, this is the moment everybody's been waiting for.
Alexander Hamel vote.
Oh, he's not there.
I like this guy more.
I think we came out ahead, actually.
I like this guy.
Or maybe it's just secretly Lin Manuel in a mask.
No, Golden Boy would have been the real run-in,
I'd want to see it for Puerto Rico.
Rhode Island.
They haven't even gotten to my home state of...
Well, they got to California,
but my original home state of Virginia.
Dude, I could have done this.
We should have sent DJ Music.
They want a guy that just sort of ad-libs
perhaps over generic beats.
I guess DJ Music could do that.
The end!
Oh, we got a music coming up.
We got a debate end music.
Maybe I can't finish all of these.
What time is it?
It's almost six.
They're on Rhode Island.
So, if I were smarter, I could figure out what's next.
Let's say...
Did any states start with an S?
Tennessee for sure.
South Carolina, obviously.
Okay.
And South Dakota, I guess.
Who's this?
Oh, there she is.
I could even see her for a second.
We all pick presidents, dammit.
I swear.
I feel like there's like what?
15, 20 states?
Maybe less?
Actually, no.
Because after T, Utah, then we're into like Vermont and Virginia.
What's the last one?
Ws?
Wyoming?
I should just look this up.
We got one, two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine.
We got like 10 states left.
So we'll see it through to the end.
That's only like 15 minutes more of this.
Yeah, there's like 10 more.
Only 10?
Count them down.
Not counting territories, case.
Shit, I forgot the territories.
The Virgin Islands, yeah, I guess that should be in there, right?
Oh, they skipped California, apparently.
If you miss.
Chante, Washington, San Francisco, my beautiful, beautiful,
language, that means hello, my relatives.
I shake your hand with the California.
Oh, California goes last, apparently.
That is the spirit of my beloved South Dakota.
My name is Chante Reddish, and I want to say that my people,
though, are touching the road.
They say that California and Minnesota should be last,
but Minnesota already went.
I still here.
I think.
Let me tell you what a Kamala Harris presidency will mean for me,
my friends and my community.
According to this article I'm reading right now,
they claim at least that, um,
yeah, Minnesota already passed.
This article's claiming that California goes last
because it's where Harris is from, but we'll see.
Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
The state of South Dakota is proud to be part
of such a historic moment in our country's history.
We are a land that is proud of our hardworking farmers
and ranchers and celebrates South Carolina's
incredible culture.
Yeah, all the other states just throw
up farmers under the bus, but this one's proud.
From Big Dipper to Mount Rushmore,
South Dakota is honored to count
all 20 of our votes for Vice President Kamala Harris,
who will soon be known as Madam President.
Yeah.
That's what I like about states.
And it's okay.
You got to go.
You got to go with the only part that doesn't make sense.
And it seems how do you pass your vote?
Mr. Secretary, I want even more pageantry.
I want them to try to out do each other.
I like the low key vibes of this.
They're just excited to get to say their state's name
in like six facts.
Oh, shit.
It's that guy.
Isn't this the guy that had to go up against all those shitty
Republicans in like the state Senate?
Damn, this guy's kind of going in.
Just keep going, man.
This guy didn't go for us all in 10.
Yeah.
They can't stop him if he doesn't take a breath.
Oh, shit.
They even did the sync up at the end.
A confusion dance doubling their votes.
Why do you want to double everyone's votes?
The best state to get double the votes.
Come on, party people.
Come on, party people.
This guy.
This guy is the best DJ now.
The nation's number one DJ.
We're probably the only people watching this.
So they don't have to really pull it all the stops.
The only stream covering the DNC you heard at your first.
Ava Longoria.
Isn't she like a desperate house lady?
Is that that actor?
That does sound maybe right.
I kind of like it when they don't seem too prepared.
When it feels like they kind of just walked up and they're like,
I'm fucking here.
And we got these votes.
Look at this mustache man.
Fucking monopoly man's here.
Holy shit.
Oh, shit.
They're sneaking in another tragic abortion story.
They're getting a couple of those in.
The crowd never knows how to react, though.
Until they get to the end and they're like,
protect the right for abortion.
So we're like, okay, we are here to clap.
Good for her.
Suck a little air out of the room.
De-air this room just for a minute at least.
There's too much air.
Some of the hottest air around.
He tells the exact same story.
She's like, um,
oh, like the people just kind of getting their head in the frame.
That's what I would do.
Our pal on the left here is just sneaking the face in.
If they just threw a gender reveal and at the end of Wolf talk,
I wouldn't even, I'd be like, oh, I guess that's part of it.
Texas.
I didn't know all these states had so many indie bands, but they do.
They're the Beehive State.
Did they make beekeeper?
Cause that movie fucking rocks.
I'm going to give Utah credit for beekeeper officially.
And the next battleground state.
There are, yeah, all these people are Mormons.
This is the book of Mormon cast.
Maybe it is Roseanne Barhuey.
She's coming around.
She had to listen to too many RFK stories.
She switched.
Vermont.
Bob.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's me.
Not Bernie standards in a mustache.
I'm going to cast your vote.
Vermont knows the value of public initiative.
We even have a teacher as our Congresswoman.
He's rocking the, the single curly bang.
I like it.
He does have a strong Vermont vibe.
They elected the most Vermont guy to deliver these remarks.
We are proud to call Vermont home and we are proud to cast our 24 votes for Kamala Harris
because we are not going back.
Texas actually had 24,000 votes.
So that's like 13 Vermont.
Texas didn't have a few more than Vermont.
That's true.
The Virgin Islands.
What if Lin-Manuel shows up here?
Just a total betrayal.
He would never.
Mr. Secretary, we are proud to call the Virgin Islands place of resistance and freedom.
He is Alexander Hamilton.
Alexander Hamilton.
Oh, Lin-Manuel could have shown up for this one.
It's true.
By the power of musical, he's also from the Virgin Islands.
We should give the Virgin Islands as many votes as Texas just to mix things up.
That'd be fun.
We should just shuffle the vote totals around one year.
Oh, shit.
The DJ's switching it up again.
Look at him go.
Virginia case.
Are you there?
I'm obviously not there.
Shut up.
I'm here.
Damn, you should have been there, dude.
You could have said, I'll bend in Virginia.
I'm a fucking turncoat.
I am a redcoat.
I'm still from Virginia.
Tim Kane.
Remember Tim Kane?
Of course.
Everybody remembers Tim Kane.
This guy's got a great voice.
I was waiting for someone in chat to say it looked like Casem, so I didn't have to.
It is old Casem, though.
I was like, is it racist if I think he looks like Casem?
I'll just wait for chat to say it.
That's RFK.
RFK looks better, honestly.
He got the worm out.
We're close to the end.
Yeah, I am a missing person from Rono.
Cravery.
I am the missing person from Rono.
But this DJ, I want this job.
I'm so jealous of this DJ.
Washington.
The first state.
Because it's named after the first president, Chet.
Doesn't mean it's the first state.
It's the first state.
I named it after him because it was number one.
Yes, sinister.
That did happen.
Okay, she didn't cover it.
That's true.
I didn't.
I mean, I would have, but my coverage is as usual a little lacked.
But yeah, there was a protest at, um,
during Joe Biden's speech that got basically drowned out by the crowd, I think.
And also, I guess, by the tech.
I didn't know that part, actually.
Yeah, I mean, we can find a video of that.
We should look for that before, or maybe before we leave for the night.
Voting for opiates would be a powerful choice.
Oh, she said, suited up for a sec.
Watch for being taken away by Donald Trump.
Oh, shit.
She had some venom in that phrasing of the word Donald Trump.
The word Donald Trump.
He's a noun.
I am 18 years old.
And I am the youngest delegate from West Virginia.
Oh, shit.
She, she's more baby than the other baby.
You need to be ready for my future.
Be taken away.
Got the princess Leia going on.
It's more flower power case.
Which carry is she looking at?
She's young.
She'll learn how to find the island.
As we all must, Jeff.
He's still just slightly pumping the fifth.
You guys get his name in a lot.
For what?
Wisconsin.
The most hyped up intro Wisconsin's gotten in a while.
Are you fucking ready for Wisconsin?
Oh my God.
Don't let Papilla.
God, don't let Papito see this.
He's not.
He never pays attention, but he will try to get to Chicago if he sees this.
Oh, no.
Oh, she's trying to get all the cheese.
Look at him go.
Oh my God.
He's attacking them.
I don't know.
This is the appropriate time for a life.
We're so hyped up.
The people are losing their absolute shit for this roll call.
We're putting tracks on top of tracks here.
Wait, we still want to hear the we want to see it.
So I'm going to hear Cypress Hill.
Oh, fuck yeah.
I'm here for this.
I'm fucking here for this case.
Their speech is so long.
They are rocking a long speech.
Chet seems to have been temporarily eaten by the hype train.
Oh, I just want to take a shit.
He said it really well, but he didn't have his mic on.
Did he forget the name of Kamala?
He almost called her Kamala Hottie.
Oh, fuck Wyoming.
We've made it.
Joe Marbuto.
Joe.
Oh shit.
What's after Wyoming?
Territory of Zabrassi.
How high train?
Obviously Kamala Harris is who they're talking about.
Okay, Minnesota.
Maybe they, I guess they abstain and come back around.
Oh my god, Tim Walls.
The Tim Walls PR machine is just too fucking good.
I'm Tim Walls adopted son who loves him.
He saved my wife's life by doing CPR in a way that wasn't sexual.
He was also a great neighbor and friend.
In fact, when he was in the midst of a budget battle as governor of our state,
he still found time to attend my brother's funeral.
Mr. Walls moved the world to my family.
He's always been there for us.
And that's how I know he'll always be there for you.
And I'm a representative of the Chinese Communist Party.
Here to affirm all the things Republicans have been saying.
Minnesota's art.
That Canadians trapped in the US.
That is, be the love of that is a great way to put it.
And that's why I guess we have to love them.
Minnesota!
High train like Minnesota.
Best thing Minnesota.
And in November, Minnesota is going to send Tim Walls and Kamala Harris
to the White House.
And they're going to send Tim Walls and Kamala Harris to the White House.
And Kamala Harris to the White House.
Look at all those Tim Walls heads.
Oh, whoa.
That's something I hadn't thought about in a minute.
Oh my God, it's Amy Klobuchar.
You caught me at the right time, Kayce.
Everyone's too high.
Amy Klobuchar.
Tim Walls.
To celebrate, Amy Klobuchar will be throwing shoes at the heads of everyone in front of her.
This is going to be very...
Whoa, 300 bits from Gigletrash.
Joe White, you're interrupting California.
Oh!
Joe, what are you doing with your mouth?
The hype has ended.
The great state of Nancy Pelosi.
I've never thought of California that way before.
It's official.
You're from the Nancy Pelosi state.
Oh, Chet's back.
I'll never laugh.
My soul was here with the people of this country.
The great state of Richard Milhouse Nixon.
More people need to shout out Nixon.
Oh, shit, they're busting out Kendrick.
If they had done they not like us, this place would have gone crazy.
There's still time.
Drop they not like us.
Yeah, that's a good point.
We hate popo is in this song.
They put it in there.
They did it.
There it is.
Wow.
Drake, I'm real sorry, man.
That's how you know who really won that battle.
I haven't heard drop and give me 50 for voting right for any of these states.
It's because he's Canadian.
Minnesota was his only shot.
Democrats and independence.
He's talking.
Do the right thing.
And that is to elect Kamala Harris as the next president.
Remember when he thought it was going to be you?
Never forget that incredible smile when that lady was like, you could be president.
After that Biden debate, Drake is a Republican.
What's the Canadian Conservative Party?
I don't even know.
What's this?
What are they cutting to right now?
Just California?
Should I could have been on TV if I just ran outside?
Oh, not after the real one.
Shit, they're not going to do another one of these.
Are they?
And now they'll play that.
And then they just dropped they not like us again.
All right, well, if they're not going to play Beyonce, maybe I should.
Pursuant to the convention rules of procedure, Vice President Kamala Harris has it invited to
feel like somebody's got to play Beyonce.
She will give on Thursday, August 22nd.
Yeah.
Now a special surprise.
It's my pleasure to introduce our party's official nominee for president of the United States.
Live from my home state of Wisconsin, Vice President Kamala Harris.
She's in Wisconsin right now.
She's really jet-setting.
Oh, she's got a rally.
Okay.
And then Obama just runs into the chair shot.
I will never retire.
Okay, well, oh shit.
She's in hype mode.
All it is Sunday.
That's a good point.
All right, well, that is probably the
that's probably the part most people want to see.
Is that what you're going to say?
That's probably the part most people would cover.
But I was only interested in the roll call actually.
So I feel good to go.
We do have other segments to get to maybe we'll have DJ News at cover
whatever whatever's going on in the rally.
But for the time being it is actually debate time.
And I have been a chip manscape actually.
I kind of snuck in here to offer my political scientific analysis.
And in my opinion, the winning state today was Puerto Rico.
Well, not a state actually, but they did win in fact.
So way to go Puerto Rico.
You won this year's beauty pageant.
You look fucking fired tonight.
Nobody can deny that.
And the only thing I'm denying is that I have to continue doing the news
because at this time I will be leaving of which my name has been Chet.
And thus I say goodbye forever.
See you soon.
Oh, yes.
It's a great day for America because of this specifically
and not because of anything else going on.
This is where the real Patriots are.
And we're here to settle the real questions that matter
not to just give each other pets on the back for a job well done
that hasn't even been done yet.
Y'all reign all over your fucking parade.
I have no choice because my parade is regularly basically cancelled
for weather due to the man sitting to my left.
A natural disaster of a human being.
It's a piece of shit.
Well, uh, laquacious as usual, blah, blah, blah, you say.
And to that I say I'm actually here to debate.
What an incredible day.
A beautiful roll call a celebration of all things that make democracy great.
Well, yeah, the great thing about that is there was no democracy in action.
They just kind of decided on their own that she was going to be the candidate.
Well, look, I mean, ideally there would be a primary process,
but I would say there were extenuating circumstances due to the president
bravely noticing that sometimes you got to give the other give the young guys a shot.
Is all that happened and we're all excited for that type of democracy
being at work and let's be real, she probably would have gotten it anyway.
Well, look, much like Trump, I do find myself oddly attracted to her.
She I think she's cast some kind of like the craft style love spell over Republicans.
And now we all kind of find her hot or you're just weirdly turned on by
any woman that had the potential to dominate you.
Well, look, what we're here to debate is what has better seasonal food products spring and
spring and summer or fall and winter.
Well, and I'm going to keep it hot and say spring and summer.
And you've just signed up as usual for your own defeat for some reason.
But that's probably for the best because you've been surprisingly winning a few
and it's unsurprisingly immediately gone to your head.
I don't have a darn kink.
I'm honestly kinkless.
My sexuality is pure and smooth encompassing all.
What does that mean?
It means none of your fucking business, actually.
I'm kidding.
I don't even find it like Trump.
I'm like kidding or whatever.
When I say she's hot, I'm actually like kidding.
He does keep saying it though.
Why did you keep saying it?
Because we're like kidding.
We're jokesters.
Actually, we're being mean.
We're like she's hot, but it's like it's sarcastic that she's kind of like
looks good in blue suits and her hair is always on point.
My point is I like summer stuff.
Okay.
Well, winter is summer does not have exciting seasonal items.
So frankly, all I really have to say to win this debate is Christmas.
I thought you people couldn't say Christmas anymore.
Or the holidays.
But I mean for most Americans, probably all I have to say is Christmas.
You know, that's you can get a Christmas tree.
Also Halloween is in the fall.
The two best holidays, Halloween and Christmas.
The two best holidays.
You're forgetting about fucking president's day.
The day of America.
You're forgetting about the 4th of July.
The day that's even more America.
You're forgetting about Easter America.
Easter America.
The day where we celebrate bunnies and candy in this country.
And without the evil specters of Halloween polluting the holiday.
No, we celebrate adorable bunnies that love freedom and putting fucking
tricks in eggs.
Like the tricks rabbit.
Tricks are for fucking eggs.
And that's what we do during the spring and summer seasonal items.
Also, it's the time when you buy sports cars.
Sports cars are not a seasonal item.
No, they're for the summer because you put the fucking top down.
You buy sports cars during the summer.
If you're American, you understand that summer deals are the time to buy cars.
Much like our president's day.
Okay, well, look, we've also got what else?
Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving dog exactly.
The number three holiday.
So what's that number three holiday?
It's a look, I don't make the rules.
It goes Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving.
And Thanksgiving is only number three, by the way,
because it's like a preamble to Christmas.
If there was no Christmas Thanksgiving would be number one,
but confusingly because Halloween exists,
it moves down to number three.
You are literally talking to chat.
You're lying to yourself.
You are not giving credit to the hot fucking summer fucking white boy summer.
What white boy summer is a seasonal product for summer.
What was summer is like a thing from 2020.
I think no, it's a seasonal product purchased every season by Chet Hanks
when he goes wild with his racially coded,
but racially open philosophy of living.
Well, look, I mean, I'm sorry, but people like fall and winter.
It's more associated with seasonal items.
People drink fucking milkshakes all your long dog.
So I'm crumbling that I absolutely crushed this one.
And I'm too wet and again.
This is Democrat week.
Sorry, turns out shark week ain't the hottest week no more.
It's actually Democrat week.
Democrat week.
Democrat week.
It's like shark week without all of the scary teeth.
It is in fact toothless and pathetic.
I do agree with that.
Looks like I'm ahead in the jet count too.
My crumb jet's taking off and it's not stopping anytime soon.
I might fucking fly into space.
You're going to have to call me SpaceX at this rate.
Actually don't support this.
You're not a fan of I'm a little bit.
Believe me.
You do nothing.
Crumb is a bread.
Yeah, he is a fucking break.
Fucking baby.
He's just a giant baby.
Yeah, I'm Brad.
I'll be baby.
Brad, baby.
Brad, come on.
2024.
The wolf form.
It's I'm not even you are not helping her.
Yeah, I am.
This is this is what a Kamala supporter looks like.
Kamala baby.
Weebrant 2024.
Stop here.
Well, you know, keep doing that.
You're unbelievable.
Keep doing that.
I will.
I'm one of her.
I'm planning to speak at the DNC.
You're not invited to speak at the DNC.
You're crumb believable.
Yeah, but I'm still planning just in case they need me.
If I get the call, I'll go in.
Hey, you there?
It's you're crumb believable.
That twist pull robbed your ass.
Yeah, well, it came out of an ass.
Those numbers are of course fucking cooked as usual.
He's getting he's back to being a chef.
He's been acting like he does.
He's got over some sort of shake and trauma and can now handle losing, which he did.
I didn't.
Well, that's the thing.
I didn't get over anything.
I didn't lose.
I'm just bored of this endless fucking cheating that's happening.
Whether it's you or your entire fucking party.
I just cheat, cheat, cheat.
Oh, we get to pick whoever we want to be president.
No, you got to go with the oldest guy to talk the weirdest.
We're doing that.
That's not required.
It is whoever ever says Obama ran.
We made it.
We made a pack that is old enough and weird enough.
You get to be president or run for it.
And you guys fucking violated the sacred pack that we made over that big blood sausage.
What?
You weren't there for the big blood sausage pack 2016.
All the all the great conservative and liberal influence together.
We bled all over a sausage.
We made a sacred pack to let the oldest weirdest guy always run for president.
There's older and weirder guys than Biden and Trump.
No.
What kind of sausage?
The bloody type.
Well, fortunately, I'm pretty sure as usual, you just fucking made that up.
But I do think that's actually all the time we have.
We got a new outro song.
What the fuck?
I didn't approve a new outro song.
But you've got such case made.
You got a new outro song.
What the?
We don't need a separate fucking outro song.
You're the one a rich.
Why does everything have to fucking change around here?
Nothing needs to change.
Well, look, we made some changes.
That's all the time we have.
Just fucking trashed new outro song.
Except we needed a new outro song.
I'll be back.
And maybe he'll be dead.
I'm not saying you're gonna die.
I'm just saying maybe.
Maybe he'll be dead.
We'll see.
Okay.
See you soon.
Those credits were so long.
Since when do we have credits?
But Peter, did you make a bunch of credits?
Yeah.
What?
I guess I did.
I hit a bunch of buttons.
Did you speed them up slightly?
No, that's how you sew things.
They're like, thanks.
These are the people who made it happen.
That's true.
They are the people that make it happen.
I know you're gonna try to burn through those credits.
No, I guess I won't try to burn through them.
But they can just be a little.
It's just a lot of credits.
It's not enough credits.
Tastes are anti-credits.
What do you say?
I know I'm not.
Tastes are anti-credits.
I happen to like credits.
They taste good.
They are a liquid.
What?
And I laugh them up.
You think credits are like what?
Credits are like a sugary liquid that's on the floor.
And I'm gonna eat them now.
Oh, also, what was it all that cheese earlier?
Can I go to Chicago?
I'm gonna go to Chicago.
Okay, see you later.
No, no, no.
The, um, there's cheese here.
Oh, okay.
Well, then I guess I won't.
We have to do DJ News we can get out of here for the day.
Maybe he can cover whatever is currently going on at the DNC.
Or one of the other stories I said we'd talk about today.
There is, of course, actual news going on in the world, but
it is sort of fun just to watch people do like a pageant, basically.
Sometimes that's more fun than news.
Anyway, here's DJ Music.
Whoa.
Hello, everybody.
Taking me a second there.
Don't worry though, we're back.
Doing some music for y'all.
Lot of stuff going on in the world today.
That's okay.
It's going on in the world today.
All right, let's see what's up.
What did Kasey was gonna talk about today that unsurprisingly?
He probably just didn't.
The games, car, we didn't even get to that at all.
Let's talk about it just a dick or something.
Let's see what's going on in dick news.
Dick news.
The dick news we choose.
Dick news that can now on a lose.
That is of course dependent on if anybody posted any dick news,
but I guess feeling somebody might have.
There's always a chance.
Always a chance for dick news.
I want to know.
There's my laser.
All right, let's see.
Oh, okay.
This is basically dick news.
And this is kind of, we can just pretend this is Gamescom news.
Apparently there's some disgusting sex scenes going on in video games.
For that, I will need, I'll need some 8-bit R&B.
I don't want to cover this.
So let's find some real quick.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's see.
What the fuck is this?
Okay, that's not going to do.
That won't work.
Man, this is a little more, this is a little more my speed.
Yeah, yeah.
God's plan 8-bit version.
Okay, whatever.
That'll work.
Wait, no, this won't work.
It's too, it's too.
I know that song too well.
How about this?
Yeah, I need to find some hot 8-bit R&B.
8-bit lo-fi?
Yeah, there we go.
Something, let's slow it down a little bit.
Oh yeah, dick news central.
Always keep it so sensual.
Let's go.
Let's go.
But not the good kind.
We got a sex grind doing games all the time.
The sex scenes are common in modern games and often made by filming human actors.
And then digested the digitized that is into game characters.
But performers have told the BBC that there is a culture of secrecy around projects where
scripts are often not shared.
They don't care.
They're not shared.
They describe the feeling being shaken and upset when they're constantly asked to do sex.
Performing arts union equity is demanding that they end this immediately.
Actually, they're just saying they should publish guides on minimum pay and work conditions.
Including intimate or explicit scenes.
The subtle way can finally have some gaming sex dreams.
I'm talking fucking in games.
Fucking has changed.
I put my change into the arcade.
And now I'm getting laid.
It's all changed.
It's all changed.
So basically that actually does sound a little fucked up.
They're making people do sex work or kind of springing it on them.
And usually when you do sex work, you want to know that's going to happen coming in.
Ideally.
Ideally that's like, you know, they're pretty upfront.
This is going to speech your fucking.
Just so you know.
Anyway, let's see.
If I can find a character to explain the ins and outs of this sexual proclivity.
Of what's been going on.
You know it's wrong in this gaming industry.
Ladies and gentlemen, to cover this sensitive topic.
Let's see if I can find just the guy for the job.
Please.
Oh, here we go.
We're going to change this up just a little bit.
We've been bringing it down.
But we got something else coming up for you right now.
Please welcome to the DJ Music Stage to discuss sex in video games.
Something of an expert in this subject.
It's goddamn sonic.
Drop that fucking beat.
Signing on the jack.
Yo sonic coming in.
Sonny, yo, where do I begin?
Yeah, you know the game doesn't change me.
I've been fucking in game since I met Amy.
I'm casonic cause you want it.
Sonic, I got the dick.
I drop it. Gotta go fast.
Well, every time I blast pump pump pump.
Supersonic on your ass like boom.
Here's the thing.
I'm coming to the broom.
I'm wearing a cock ring.
Maybe 50. Maybe you're fucking under 100.
Supersonic baby, that's the dick you want it like boom.
Sex scenes that change.
Swirl a couple tails around that thing and make him came.
Yeah, fuck tails. Yeah, fuck robotic.
I'm sonic bitch.
You know you want it. Oh!
Uh, you fuck Robotnik.
Really?
Doesn't he like a big human?
Change my fucking beat up, man.
Yo.
Shit's fucking.
Shit gets fucking twisted out here, man.
It's crazy on these green streets.
Green streets?
Well, they're like hills.
Some people call them hills. I call them green streets.
Woo!
Mm.
Yada.
Look at this fucking beat, man.
Sonic, you've changed, man.
That's a fucking blunt.
I go fast.
Puff puff puff.
600, then I pass.
Blunt puffed out.
Fast no doubt.
Sonic bitch, yeah, you know it straight up the mouth.
I'm like, yo, Robotnik.
I won't pass.
Get up on the pedal, baby.
Show me that ass.
Beat him up. Boom boom with the blast.
Animal.
Pop up by the time that I grasp.
What up?
Chaos.
Sonic is a bae-ass.
A bae-ass means that bae.
I'm your boss.
Woo!
Show him a knuckle, yeah. I will show him some hustle.
I'm gonna undo the buckle
and I'ma show him some trouble.
I'm like, whoa.
Check the animals and the colors.
Soon fucking hot.
Yeah, Sonic never bothered.
It's their sex in games.
Best believe that there is.
Sorry, it's maturated.
This is not for kids.
Running up the hill and I roll into a ball.
And by the time I hit the end,
and they give me a call, they say,
Sonic, won't you press the fucking button?
Pop out them animals, bitch.
Show me something.
I've been pumping on those buttons.
And I make her go animal.
Fucking every girl in the whole world is the Sonic Go.
I'm the only gun on the planet that can do it.
Block, block, block, block, block.
I'm the fastest thing you choose it.
Sonic.
Super Sonic on the track.
Fucking Sonic Boom, baby.
That was my attack.
Fuck you, guy. Boom!
21.
Why do they always say that?
I don't think that's their thing.
Alright, well shit. I guess that'll fucking do us for the day.
Sex and games, it's a complicated topic.
Some people are against it, some people are Sonic.
And they just want to fuck everyone.
I guess that's his deal.
If you've ever read any fan fiction of his,
I guess you would know that that's true.
That's all the time we have for today, though.
Okay, well, I am done and don't you know it?
We watched the DNC and we did show up.
But that's the whole time we have a lot of all this stream
and now we're gonna send you over to a new team.
Let's see who's up.
And I will raid them.
Ricky Peacock, yeah, you know I will change them.
Let's see, raid.
Ricky, and here we go.
We gonna send this check to the Peacock show.
Well, okay.
If you wanna,
I can check out some coverage and probably hear
Obama buffing now where
gonna send you
to Ricky Peacock
because he's the best. It's true.
All right, everybody.
That's all the time we have.
Bernie's up now.
Oh my God, we're leaving just as Bernie's going.
Case is sweet, beloved Bernie.
The Prince that was unpromised.
Well, check out Bernie if you want.
Watching my dumb ass.
I'm just some addict and I never can pass.
On streams.
Well, that seems like a good enough space to stop
because my music is done.
I'm just gonna smash this raid button.
See y'all soon. I think Case will be on tomorrow.
He's extremely inconsistent.
But, you know, he'll probably do something or other.
Have fun everybody. Bye-bye.
Woo! Oh my God!
Oh my God, it's Bernie Sanders.
Sorry, he pumped up on the other screen.
All right, everybody. That's actually it.
No, the secret stream is done.
Oh, we didn't do the Sammy theme track 2 or DJ 8 or the streets.
We'll do that tomorrow. Okay, bye everybody.