I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Sick.
So you got punched in the face, huh?
I think even after hearing your story, I might still recommend getting punched in the
face with cameras or witnesses because that to me feels like a very quick internal
investigation than whatever is happening in my life.
That's my only advice for anyone who know my advice, my advice is, hey you think
you think something's about to happen at work?
Get to the point where they punch you in the face in front of cameras or
witnesses so that things can wrap up pretty quickly.
You know?
Oh, I wish I could tell you guys that's he fucking wish.
I don't know why he's walking away, this is his street.
Oh, he's getting water, he's getting water.
Someone think you were real pirate and punch you?
No, what I'm saying is I wish I got punched in the face.
I'm saying I wish I was shoved into a wall.
I'm saying.
I wish someone did this and went right to me in front of a witness or cameras.
That's the caveat.
Okay, bye.
She left?
She's gone.
No.
I don't really, your advice was for what to do if you're bothered at work.
Yeah, get to the point where they punch you in the face.
That's never happened to you.
Yeah, but I'm saying I wish.
Get to the point where you're openly assaulted.
Yeah.
So it's just easier to clear up.
Correct.
I don't know, I don't know if our society functions that way anymore.
I think sometimes when things are even more obvious, the person who did it gets even less
trouble.
Fuck!
There are other ways, Kendall.
It really just depends.
I'm not seeing it.
I'm not seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, guys.
I think it mostly matters who you're dealing with.
If you're dealing with someone who happens to suck, then you don't get many results.
Not that I'm saying that's happening in Kendall's life.
Not that I'm saying that.
I thought it was, wait, I thought it was the fish time was to look like a priest collar.
No, no, no.
Everything was a separate sub-goal.
And now I have to wear this little fish for a while.
I think you'll wear it forever.
Kendall thinks I should wear it forever.
I need a haircut pretty badly.
I don't want to wear it forever.
You can wear this.
You can borrow my fish time.
I enjoy it.
I mean, I enjoy it other than that it's another thing to put on.
And I'm that lazy that I don't really want to have to do extra prep work by putting
on a tie.
You get to wear a tie for a while.
That's a healthier way to look at it for sure, Skymer.
Woo, OK.
Or is it Skymir?
Over here, it's been Skymir for two hundred years.
Well, over there, it's going to be Skymir.
So.
Kendall has her own stream now where she can make her own decisions.
Also, the Skymir or Skymir, I would call you whatever the preference is.
No, no, no.
Don't say anything.
I swear, I will ban you.
Oh, Kendall doesn't want to know.
She wants it to be a line of contention.
Unless you're offended, then of course you can tell us, but.
I'm not sure if you can tell us.
Oh, Brad, I thought I always thought it might be Brad.
And the unknown.
How long fish tie wear?
That's a really good question.
Thank you, Lyvins, Leasy.
Kendall's out of here.
Hi, Kendall.
Are you going to stream tonight?
Part of the part of the reason I'm streaming later
is Kendall wanted to stream later.
We also have a friend in town.
So who's to say it's going to happen?
But now she's saying she might not stream, so.
Yeah, what if our friend in town will hang out?
Look what I'm wearing.
Whoa. Who knows what that stands for?
Exhumation point O is how you fill out this exciting question
of how long should I wear this fish tie?
The options are three years in fish years, a month until cat eats it.
Oh, I just have to leave it out.
Five years and of course forever, the binding forever.
Can we set like a goal?
It has to be ridiculously high.
You wear the tie.
You know, that's really more of a you question, Kendall.
Well, it has to be so ridiculously high.
But I mean, if we're not getting married for a while,
then they might hit it just by attrition.
We do it like the week of the wedding.
Oh, the week of the wedding.
Yeah, maybe even the day of.
We'll see how stressed out we are by the time we get to the week
of the wedding until the cats eat it.
So I do need to poison the cats if I ever want to get rid of this tie.
Once put a rainbow trout inside a man's box spring.
A week later, my God, Pa.
Once put a rainbow trout inside a man's box spring,
even you snuck a actual dead fish
into someone's mattress box spring, Ivan Sleazy.
If he wears fish too long, he will stink.
Do you ever wonder who
Ivan Sleazy is in real life?
I like do you ever wonder as I assume
the online version of James Bond?
That's what I think.
I think so, too.
This person has lived a lot.
Oh, Ivan Sleazy, I know better than the question
Ivan Sleazy about any place they've been or anything they know.
100% mob connected, I believe.
A wholesome degenerate.
I'm sure that Ivan Sleazy's met someone in the mob,
but I don't want you to, you know, incriminate yourself.
Ivan Sleazy, I just suspect if
if it's if there's any subject at hand, there's a chance
Ivan Sleazy has surprising intimate knowledge of it.
That's my that's my feeling, at least.
Yeah, well, that's like,
like, Ivan Sleazy is super important.
Yeah, they're live and sleazy.
It's true. They are super important.
Now, if you understand, like they're in charge of a government program
that handles aliens attacking them.
Hmm. Well, maybe talk about that.
I haven't thought about that particular option.
But now I'm thinking about it.
Oh, my, what a day.
I haven't even looked at the news.
Guys, you'll be shocked to hear
I haven't prepped at all for the stream.
Don't really know what's going on.
So excited to learn with all of you.
I guess they're well, the trade war is over.
We did it, guys.
It's V day.
As in.
Kind of left again.
Hmm.
Pick your favorite V word.
And it's that day.
You can't even get the local Democratic party to have a backbone.
Whenever I look into.
Um.
California or Los Angeles
or more specific areas in Los Angeles politics.
I am always somewhat disheartened
by the developments, usually.
So if you're heavily involved in local politics,
live in Sleazy, I can imagine that being.
Stressful, although very noble of you
to try to actually engage.
Good to see everybody.
Boner salad, one of my favorite names to see
right at the bottom of my chat.
PB seven, be Grendel, big J Dubb, live in Sleazy.
Of course, the master mod,
so Breachie could be lurking around somewhere.
So Breachie, thanks so much for playing repo with us.
We might do some more of that at some point if you're ever interested.
Um.
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo, of course.
MSG.
Great to see you all.
Everyone is here.
It's like Smash Brothers.
Except the thing we're smashing is
articles into our brains, grinding them in.
Like a like a stone on a sword.
We're sharpening our brains with the power of news articles.
Right, Papito?
I wouldn't describe it that way, but to be fair,
I wouldn't describe it.
Because of a dog.
Look at my fish tie.
I can't believe I can't eat it.
I wouldn't eat it case, but I can't reach my neck to it.
This is me trying.
Can't look down that.
I think it might hold body angle up.
Thank you for the help with a hand and that.
Hmm.
Pope, you know, how does it feel to be the Pope?
Oh, yeah.
You're all my disciples now.
My first religious mandate is
everybody drink, drink more of the stuff you find.
Thou shall drink the stuff you find.
And if it's solid, thou shall chew it.
That's your first religious doctrine.
Thou shall drink the stuff you find.
And if it's solid, thou shall chew.
Hmm.
Do you know what a disciple is?
No.
But you're those.
It's you, then.
I'm not saying that.
No, that is what you're saying.
Well, I'm saying I don't know what it is, but you are that and I don't know what it is.
Drinking shoe. OK.
Great.
Should we drink the stuff RFK is making his kids swim in?
That sounds some of my favorite stuff to chew is the really chunky water
that the guy in charge of health swims in.
Are you on RFK site?
I'm on the side of swimming and sewage.
And eating it.
But I have been declared a state of emergency on several occasions
by a couple different governors.
Really?
I mean, again, I'm a dog, so I don't really know.
But yeah.
OK.
20 streaks.
Propaganda, congratulations on streaking 20 times.
There's another thing that I kind of want to try out.
It's a YouTube thing that I need chat's help with.
But we'll explain it after we do some other stuff.
We'll see. We'll see who shows up later.
And we'll try it out.
And it's sort of it's crowdsourcing ideas, but we'll get into that later.
For now, it's news time.
Oh, yeah.
Good to see everybody.
It's your favorite host, Rick.
Why am I going to get my own little lower third?
I have to update all the lower third requests right away.
I make demands, not in the request case, just like our powerful
negotiator in chief.
I haven't even know what's going on with that.
So what's going on is trade war victory.
We did it, folks.
Is that so if I read an article about that or you do, that's what it's going to say.
That's probably more or less exactly what it's going to say.
And I'll make the headline for us.
Trade war over.
Can't stop winning.
Oh, I meant to put an exclamation point.
Don't use that. I meant to put an exclamation point.
Not a question mark.
That was a typo.
You're the one who typed it.
I just hit the play button on the live report.
Well, just know that.
But what to answer the question and the answers?
Everybody agrees the answers are not a critical.
Yes, big time W's for everyone.
Hmm. What incredible news wire should we read?
To fill us in about all this exciting China.
America trade deal news.
One second.
Casey didn't set any of this up before the stream.
What were you thinking, young man?
Young. Oh, wait, I just looked at you.
Never mind.
OK.
Oh, locked in.
Locked in at last.
Almost. I almost was.
I lied. I'm not quite locked in and I'm producing so hard right now.
OK, well, I didn't do a good job, but I was under stress case.
There's a picture. How is that?
I'm not worth it.
Not worth it at all.
Ben is a little sus.
I was watching Jerry in the background.
Yeah, you do have Joe Rogan right behind you.
What are you going to update that?
Just like on the one two three updated their sub for another month
after 30 months of supporting the deep state in our quest to keep all of you safe.
I don't think that's the majority of what we do at the stream, actually, right?
Well, the majority of what I do with the stream is protect and serve
use some knowledge from deep in that state.
What's going on with the trade stuff?
Can you just? Yes. Yes, I can.
The United States and China agreed Monday to slash their massive recent
tariffs restarting stalled restarting stalled trade between the world's
two biggest economies and setting off a rally in global financial markets.
That roller coaster, baby, it's back on the upswing.
And isn't that what we've all been hoping for?
Because you can't have a fun dip.
If you don't have a fun rise, I think for the stock market, it's less.
Then we're less into the dips.
But a dip is still exciting because your stomach's like blah, blah, blah, blah,
you know.
But the de-escalation in President Donald Trump's trade wars did nothing to
resolve underlying differences between Beijing and Washington.
The deal lasts 90 days, which is again, a negotiating tactic.
Is that his only negotiating tactic?
Just we'll revisit this in 90 days.
He's limiting.
You know, everybody's so worried about his executive orders.
Well, what if the whole government just kind of resets every 90 days?
He's essentially turning the nation into a rogue-like economy builder.
Don't we all love rogue-like games?
Well, you get a couple of perks, but you do die.
Rick, he said, Rick, if you see the Sudoku book on any of your recent visits
to the White House, I left my Sudoku book there and really wanted
to finish the Sudoku I was working on.
Unfortunately, the former president does confuse Sudoku.
With another word that he thinks sounds Japanese.
What's that?
Starts with a B.
Bakugo from My Hero Academia.
No.
Chinese negotiators are creating time of the US.
The deal lasts 90 days.
There we go.
Creating time for the US and Chinese negotiators to reach a more
substantive agreement.
But the pause also leaves tariffs higher than before.
Trump started ramping them up last month.
Oh, the higher than before when tariffs were what some people call normal.
The tariffs didn't work that crazy.
That's crazy.
No, they did because we got this incredible deal out of it.
What's the deal?
Just now tariffs are slightly higher than before.
Trump took office.
Yes. But that's quite the negotiation.
Is Baku the grappler who I'm talking to?
No, it's a kind of different, it's a different B word.
US Trade Representative Jameson Greer said the US agreed to drop
145 percent taxes Trump imposed last month to just 30 percent.
China agreed to lower its tariff rate on US goods to 10 percent
from 125 percent.
Which is great because that means more tariff.
For them, from us.
Tariffs.
We win.
My point is we win.
Why?
Because our tariff lower than their tariff.
Well, the tariff we set is a higher number than the tariff they just sent.
And I'm pretty sure that means we win.
Isn't 30 percent still kind of ridiculously high in any
other context, the 30 percent generalized tariff on all goods
under any other administration that hasn't created such an insane
precedent, 30 percent would seem extremely high.
But the insane precedent was set.
And again, that's why he's such an incredible negotiator.
You just kind of do crazy shit.
And then in the end, everyone's like, well, this must be normal.
Once it's, you know, 100 percent less crazy.
The officials struck a positive tone, as they said, two sides had set up
consultations to continue discussing their trade issues.
Besant said that he triple digit, that the triple digit tariffs
that the two countries imposed on each other last month.
We're going to learn how to do something later.
The triple digit tariffs the two countries imposed
on each other last month in an escalation of tensions.
Trump started amounted to the equivalent of an embargo.
And neither side wants that.
We do want to trade, although obviously we don't have to.
I think we pretty much have to, given the number of goods
that they assist in the manufacturing of that we have no industrial base for.
But we they need our I think they need our chips or something.
They need our computer chips or crunchy chips.
One of those chips.
I don't think Asian countries need our chips.
They have some pretty exciting chip flavors of their own.
Doofus nice have so we will restock right as tariffs go back into effect.
Well, apparently certain.
Chinese companies are rushing to restock.
T move, for instance, I believe.
Sheen and Shane Sheen.
Cheyenne Sheen.
S H E I N.
I think it's Sheen.
Well, US, Sheen trade reprieve buys.
Sorry, US, China trade reprieve by Sheen and T move time to restock their US inventory
is another headline that I did see.
So that must mean that that's what's happening.
Well, yeah, I'm assuming if you're any Chinese company.
I guess you'll hop on the chance to restock for the low, low tariff of 30 percent.
Give it a few days.
He'll find another way to take the economy.
Well, I think a 30 percent general tariff on all Chinese goods
would be a pretty good way to take the economy on its own.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe that's low enough that it won't have catastrophic cascading effects.
But I mean, everything he's done for the last, what is it now?
Over three, almost four months has to have, I'm assuming,
some effect on trade or on prices that we're probably going to start feeling
if we haven't already. You haven't felt.
Oh, you haven't felt it yet.
Have you not been shopping?
Well, I sort of just don't look at how much I'm spending.
That's my policy.
Just don't think about how much you're spending.
That's why your taxes look the way they look.
Why have you seen my taxes? Well, I work with Elon.
Why is he seeing my taxes? Well, he has.
Anyway, sheen and Teeboo are restocking, so that's fun.
So you can you can all have your little trinkets back for,
you know, 30 percent more ish.
This is all market manipulation.
Look at the finances of Trump and his cronies.
They're going through the same thing all of us are, which is ups and down.
And ups.
And sometimes.
Where the downs?
There's some downs in there.
We can't blame them if they're also experiencing ups, because we all do.
Everyone in this world experiences ups and minor downs.
What's that?
Well, anyway, 30 percent tariffs.
It's an improvement over 145 percent.
I guess.
I guess good in the trade war, America decided to stop punching itself.
I mean, you could say we just retreated, I guess.
Retreated into what?
Higher tariffs than ever?
No, this is a full throated victory.
Our throats are full of victory case.
MSG, good to see you.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
I don't know enough about
economics in general to fully predict what would happen here,
but it all seems pretty slapdash and really stupid to me.
So I don't know what the victory is here exactly.
Again, if this isn't accompanied by any kind of robust infrastructure
spending to spin up American manufacturing, then I don't really understand.
What we're trying to accomplish here.
More, we're trying to do more case.
That's just it seems kind of vague.
But if we get too specific, then.
We won't do enough of more.
So let's all keep doing.
We'll keep doing more.
You guys do less, do less worrying, do less thinking.
We got it covered clearly.
We're counting up those W's left and right and right and right and further right
and all the way right.
We're counting a lot of W's.
OK, great.
And we have stopped punching ourselves.
So why are you hitting yourself?
Would be my question.
Don't keep hitting yourself with all this news.
Hit yourself with some how tos.
That's a transition case.
OK, Rick, and we're going to send you there now.
I still don't know where Jeb is.
I have used a couple of resources to try to find him, aka there's a thread in the discord.
But.
He's still me.
He's still fully missing.
Seems like he shouldn't be this hard to find, but we can't even locate
the Snapchat filter that looks like him.
So maybe one of these days he'll return.
But today, let's see who's on there.
It's time to learn how to.
Oh, lower than usual there.
Hello. Good to see everybody.
Got my learning glasses on today.
I do still work here, usually as Papito's assistant.
Jeb got deported.
Shaggy, I would love to know as much as anyone else.
Because I'll tell you what, I am.
And I am, of course, Jace, or nobody who remembers cases.
Cousin who the?
Well, I definitely don't remember.
Well, this is I. OK.
What's that?
I'm Jeb's dad.
I'm dead.
And I'm trapped in the wood.
You could you could you could, God trapped in wood.
Is that what you were?
But yes, I did just said that.
Jace is your 42nd favorite character.
All right, I'm up.
I believe from 96.
How many characters are there?
Well, I'm gonna snap.
I don't know who's my answer. Who knows?
Hmm, okay, well, um...
You can help find my missing son, apparently, by just using Snapchat.
Really going ham on it.
Apparently people have tried searching such phrases as
soft little face, soft big face, big chin,
ugly idiot face, dumb face, weird face,
or just weird, stupid, idiot,
wide.
So far nobody's been able to make heads or tails of it.
No one can find a Snapchat filter that looks like my son.
And that's not even my son, so how are we gonna do this?
Do you miss your boy?
No, uh, yeah.
You said no really fast.
No, I miss, um,
I did say that pretty quickly,
but I'm thinking about it, I miss, sure,
big nose baby filter.
Has anyone tried that?
Maybe not that specific phrase.
Maybe not.
Alright, well, today I'll be taking over duties for Jeb,
who's still very much missing, lost in space.
Maybe he got trapped in the wood.
For some reason that brought me a feeling of justice,
and I don't know why.
Duties.
Yes, that does make me laugh as well, just the word.
Alright, um, I got business to take care of.
I gotta learn along with everybody else.
Feels kinda like, you know,
when I drove when I wasn't supposed to,
I had to learn a couple things.
Government mandated learning, you know what I mean?
Sorry, you tried to make a joke about drunk driving?
No, no, it wasn't funny.
I'm not even making a joke.
I regret every, I regret that deeply.
But I'm just saying a similar feeling.
I gotta learn, basically, is what I'm getting at.
Uh, okay, how-tos, what do we have here?
How to be a player.
Alright.
Well, that can mean a lot of different things, so
maybe they'll specify what they mean by that, but
let's learn together how to play.
How to be a player.
How to play the game, if you will.
Let's find out.
Oh my, okay.
Oh, what?
Um...
Whoa, what? That was too-
That was pretty quick.
Whoa, like this?
She looks a little uncomfortable.
I'll be honest.
Is the high note, I'm gone, thank God?
Oh, is he flirting with that guy too? That's fine.
Telling a girl you just met that you've just been dumped and you miss your ex will have her heading for the hills.
There's too many things for you to need.
Oh, is he flirting with that guy too? That's fine.
Who wrote this?
I think he's been negative the whole time.
Like why on the yellow books?
Oh.
Well, it's a little later than 2000 now, so...
What are we at?
Did all of the women, unfortunately,
self-end themselves after watching that video?
Well, there were some points in there at least, right?
What point? Be confident?
But their version of confidence was just poking at a lady.
Well, that was for, apparently that was for the year 2000, and that was
pretty strong game back then.
I'm honestly, I kind of like, you know, I was excited when he was flirting with the guy because I'm a bisexual cowboy.
Okay.
So, you know, I just kind of excited to see if he switched up his game there.
Is that a type of cowboy, bisexual cowboy? Well, I mean, I just am.
I kind of consider myself the bisexual cowboy.
Get he up.
Either.
Okay.
Let's see what else we got here for old Jace.
Hmm.
Being dip teaches you to search for monsters in nature from Edie Patterson.
Wait, that Edie Patterson?
Does Edie Patterson from the righteous gemstones have a YouTube with roughly a thousand subscribers?
Because I was unaware of that.
But check this shit out.
One of the, one of the greats, honestly.
One of the greats ever to talk about sex.
In a comedy, Edie Patterson.
Some incredibly flawed descriptions of it that I sincerely appreciate.
I guess let's see what Edie was up to 12 years ago with a, you know, kind of hidden YouTube.
And it's me, Sally Dunkirk, or if you want, you can call me one of my friends, call me Bindi.
Today I'm going to teach you something that women at all last.
And today I'm going to teach you how to use Siri on the Apple iPhones from Max.
Oh, the iPhone stores.
First, get somebody's iPhone while they're at the gas station.
Still it from the wallet or from when they're shopping at Walmart's.
Next, push the bottom on the bottom of it.
All right, this is pretty accurate.
And I have a good question.
When she beeps.
Hey girl, how's he's gone Siri?
Can you tell me before to get a pizza that tastes just like a hamburger with a bunch of deliciousness?
No, this isn't simple jack.
This is bean dip.
You gotta think about it, man.
So you don't know everything off the top of her head, man.
You gotta get this girl a minute.
Damn, you're here, B.
And she will answer all your dreams.
All right.
Here she goes.
One second she says, don't go take a seat.
Oh, man.
Okay.
That was the end of that.
That was where it ended.
The economy is still not great.
That is unfortunately accurate.
Well, he's making us bounce on the economy crazy style.
Those are comments related to the economy.
Case didn't get to in time.
I feel like they do still apply to that video though.
So that really takes me back to the early 2000s YouTube where
there are just a million little gems, righteous gems, if you will,
hiding out.
Maybe you never meant to be seen.
But genius can come from anywhere.
You might watch some video like that and say,
who the fuck is this?
What the hell am I?
What is this lady doing?
She should stop.
What the fuck is this?
That might be what you would, I wouldn't say that.
I'd say that was great.
But you'd be wrong.
It's one of the fucking funniest people.
Sometimes they just make a thing.
Sometimes they just make it.
Look, people put a lot of stuff out there.
So that's just make a thing.
Yeah.
I mean, that's very true.
So they do just make a thing.
Jay should keep the fishtie in cases done with it.
I actually already was wearing this.
I had to take it off before because I just came in naturally with this.
I'm actually a fish cowboy.
I used to wrangle.
I used to herd fish.
A fish herder.
I was more of an aquatic bisexual cowboy.
I caught myself the murbiaboy.
The murbiaboy?
That was one of my nickname.
Maybe we don't give you a nickname.
Maybe not.
They said it was.
Again, sometimes you just put a lot of stuff out there is my point.
Not all of it's going to be great, except that was great.
And I see why she became a huge success.
She is very funny.
Legit and honestly, some people say that's kind of an offensive stereotype to southern folks.
You're not even southern in the way you're pretending to be.
You're creating a cartoonish caricature of these people.
That's honestly pretty not offensive.
I'd say actually that was pretty good.
So I know a lot of people that sound exactly like that personally.
So the accuracy was on point for me.
All right then.
Well, you nail it, you nail it.
All right, let's see.
Let's do one more.
Let me write down one more round here.
Okay.
Who else has a thing for it?
Give me a thing to watch.
How to crack your lower back?
We did already watch that.
We watched the pizza face.
No, we still haven't watched how to make a candle.
So I think it's time to find out.
Because these things cost a lot.
You go to Target, it's like you're buying a TV every time you get a candle.
So maybe we can save ourselves some money and learn how to do this ourselves.
Maybe start.
Okay, there's a candle in there.
There was a candle in there.
All right, you know, honestly, that seems like a lot of work.
And I will understand the pricing because I don't want to get into that whole mess.
Too much work for me.
Yes.
All right, well, go ahead and try that if you want, but I'll pass.
And that's our three for the day.
That's, you know, we learned a lot, learned how to, what was the bean dip one about?
How to, you know, make a thing 12 years ago and have a thriving career 12 years later.
All right, that was the bean dip one.
And then we also learned maybe how to harass women, which I guess is being a player.
And then be a candle, which again, a lot of work.
So that's all the time for me today.
Stay safe out there.
Maybe one of these days we'll find Jeb around here.
I can go back to just being the assist of a dog, which is my main, is my main role.
And I'll send you back upstairs for a little bit of news before we go rounds and the internets.
And stay safe.
I don't have signouts or whatever.
I don't really have that much.
I really have that much to offer.
That's fine.
You can just, you can just, I think walk away.
I can.
I'm dead and I'm in the wood.
All right.
That does seem to be true.
All right.
We'll see you all soon.
Stay, stay aquatic, stay fish wrangling, stay bisexual.
We'll see you soon.
I'm back to talk about something fun.
Good to see you all, everybody.
It's your boy, the Jeff Ripple.
Hello, Jeff.
Good to see you.
Good to see you, case.
Although what's with all the new hosts all over the place?
You elected a pope with a bunch of guys I've never seen?
What about grandman?
Obviously, grandman was robbed.
Obviously, I know who grandman is.
You do?
Yes, case.
Okay.
You can't just give jobs to your weird cousin's case.
Weird?
You're trying to make fun of my cousin for being a bisexual cowboy?
No, just for not knowing what he's doing at all.
That's not, obviously that's not a requirement here.
Said no how to do anything.
Darn it, that is true.
Justin Drew's powers was robbed.
The dog got it?
Yes, the dog got it.
You shouldn't let the dog do it, case.
Obviously, the dog's gonna get it.
It was pretty close.
It was pretty close at the end there.
Between surprisingly, Chris and Papito.
That's just because chat was going for a tie.
Okay.
Do we have to lick our genitals now, like our new pope?
I would say yes.
If you prescribe to the religion of...
Wait, is he supposed to be like a Christian, like a Catholic pope?
Catholicism specifically for this stream.
So if you are a Catholic and you're watching this,
then yeah, you're supposed to lick your balls like a dog.
You're going on the record with that?
I'm just saying that is what our new voice of God is doing.
So we should probably do like them.
Do onto them as they do to their balls.
I voted for Crumb and you're just admitting that on screen?
You're allowed to vote.
You ran.
You're allowed to vote for Crumb.
You are?
Luckily, your laps.
Your laps, then you just have to lick your balls once or twice a year.
That's what I do at least.
It is?
But I mean, I'm lapsed.
So, okay.
What are we talking about today?
Oh, what?
This is what you want to talk about, Case?
God damn it.
Oh, Diddy.
The Diddy Trial.
Did he do it?
Seemingly, incredibly obviously.
Yes, he did a number of really repellent things.
But let's do a trial about it.
Well, you know, you do have to do trial in cases like this.
If legal action is to be taken.
So I guess let's see how it's going on the court end of things.
Down on the court.
Where the players don't play.
They sort of get, hopefully, finally, a little slice of justice
for all of the repellent things they've done.
Maybe we don't go with the basketball metaphor.
Diddy did it.
A DDI.
Well, you know, innocent until proven guilty, but the court of public opinion.
The proof might have already been there.
God, this freaking thing is not working today.
Well, do your best.
The text is real little, Jeff, but you're a pro.
You can read it, right?
Oh, man.
It's so little.
Sean Diddy Combs Day 1 of Trial ends as that's not him.
Get me an updated picture case.
I can't be saying Diddy Trial over this picture of two innocent world leaders
that have never done anything terrible, I'm sure.
Wow.
Look at these court illustrations.
This is just, this is some stuff right here.
Oh my God.
The internet just keeps getting worse.
Okay.
Good enough.
We're going to say that's good enough.
Did they let you, they just let you get kind of avant-garde with your courtroom drawings?
They got a draw real fast.
So that's actually as accurate as you can get in a couple minutes.
Really?
Yes.
I think it's good enough.
I think they're capturing something.
They're capturing something there.
Is this sort of a courtroom art aficionado?
Yeah, yeah.
And I think this is some strong showing from whoever this is.
Okay.
If you say so.
Sean Diddy Combs Day 1 of Trial ends as attorneys present opening statements in sex trafficking case.
Male escort will return to witness stand tomorrow.
And we're not, we're not cameras in there.
We're really not going to broadcast this.
I think it's probably for the best.
The best for who case?
We could talk about this for the next fucking year.
We could talk about this every day non-stop.
Like certain other people on Twitch.
Well, because they're not streaming it live.
You have to read articles about it.
Nobody wants to do that.
No sunglasses allowed too much sex crimes.
If you've done enough sex crimes, you are banned from wearing sunglasses inside.
Well, I guess that he's already showing his guilt by not wearing them.
Daniel Phillip, the male escort who testified last today,
will return to continue cross-examination tomorrow.
The judge ordered Phillip not to speak to his attorney even overnight before he comes back to testify.
The court was adjourned before 5 p.m. EDT as Judge Arun Sub-Romanian.
What a name.
Thank jurors and said he'd see them again tomorrow.
The day ended with the defense cross-examining Daniel Phillip a stripper.
They keep her crippled repeating that it's a stripper.
Uh, I guess that's the job?
You know, like they'd say they cross-examined Jeff Ripple.
Non-stripping newsman.
Usually non-stripping, but don't put me in a box.
If they didn't broadcast Trump trial, they aren't going to do this one.
Well, Trump does have a little bit more political juice than probably
P. Diddy to get that kind of thing to not happen.
Although Trump would have probably wanted the cameras in there.
I don't know if Diddy would or wouldn't.
Okay, I shouldn't say sentences like that.
Hmm. Yeah, maybe not.
Uh, this seems to be in chronological order.
I wonder if there's more of just a description of what happened today that we can find you, Jeff.
Because I don't want you to have to read this thing in reverse chronological order.
Oh, even better yet, here's local news covering our asses.
Let's hear what these two have to say about this.
Oh, federal trials aren't broadcasted, so it was never an option.
That does sound right. Listen to chat, chat. Chat's listening to itself. Don't worry.
Oncomes, accused of sex trafficking and racketeering.
A jury of eight men and four women were seated this morning and will now decide his fate.
ABC's Olivia Rubin joins us live from federal court in Lower Manhattan as the first witness,
an LAPD officer, takes the stand. Olivia.
Oh, they're coming at it.
Guys, the first witness on the stand and both sides have given their opening statements,
which really gave us the first view into Combs' defense here.
And really they say it was all consensual.
This morning, the trial beginning in a case that's...
The pause that felt like a kind of an overly meaningful pause.
It's just the technology, unfortunately.
It seems she's really leaning into that one.
So she said the defense, their whole thing is he didn't...
It was all consensual hotel baby oil sex.
That is their contention, I'm guessing, yes.
But let's see what else they have to say.
Sent shockwaves throughout the music industry.
Sean Combs, known as Diddy or Puff Daddy,
accused of running a criminal enterprise.
I think everybody knows.
If you choose my approach, you can dog both.
Prosecutors say for decades the hip-hop mogul used his power to sexually,
physically and emotionally abuse women.
They claim he, quote, coerced them into drug-fueled orgies,
or so-called freak-offs, threatening them into silence.
Combs has pled not guilty to all five counts against him,
including racketeering conspiracy and sex trafficking.
An attorney for Combs seem to...
There he is.
...to preview his defense at a hearing last month,
saying he was part of, quote, a lifestyle called...
Sorry, Exterminator, I know this is a lot to take in.
...that he thought was appropriate.
Federal prosecutors say they have as many as 20 potential victims.
As many potential witnesses ready to testify,
three of them expected to take the stand as soon as this week.
One of the first two, an escort.
The third witness, one of the most high-profile,
singer Cassie Ventura, Combs' ex-girlfriend.
Evidence expected to be introduced in the case
includes this surveillance video obtained by CNN
showing Combs striking, kicking and dragging Ventura
at a Los Angeles hotel in 2016.
Combs has since apologized.
Oh, he's saying...
...that this video is an example of multiple instances
of assault and sexual battery against Cassie by Sean Combs
as a part of this criminal enterprise.
But for Sean Combs' defense, they're saying that he and Cassie
were in a very tumultuous and domestic violence-based relationship,
that they both hit each other.
During jury selection, some prospective jurors
said the video was simply too much for them.
But this morning, both sides whittling down
hundreds to a jury of 12 plus six alternates
who will decide the case.
That jury made up of eight men and four women.
Not sure I love that breakdown for the defense.
Well, we have to hope it's eight men that don't really love the defense of.
They both hit each other.
But what if they did?
Who gives a shit?
Well, I mean, who gives a shit in the sense of defending
puff daddy if what, she hit him back occasionally?
What that just means, they were in a tumultuous relationship
and who are we to judge?
Yes, that is definitely what they're trying to,
the miasma they're trying to spray into the air.
But that shit might have worked for Johnny Depp,
but I hope it doesn't work in this case that features multiple rape allegations.
It does?
You just said you knew about this.
Oh, I just forgot.
I forgot because there's a video of him running around in his towel.
How come they included the shot of him running,
but not the shot of him openly hitting her in front of the camera?
I think because that's a little triggering for some people probably.
Just the full on abuse video of him hauling off on a person.
But we have to remember he's innocent until proven.
There's a video of him hitting her, but proven in a court of law until that video is in front of
12 geniuses that will decide the right thing.
Who's to know what happened on that video?
We just saw it.
It just feels like you've already decided he's guilty.
I really have.
I think he seems extremely guilty to me.
So not that I have any special legal knowledge here,
but we've read enough articles I think too.
From a bird's-eye view at least.
Seems guilty as hell.
Innocent until proven accountable.
That's a new exciting way to put it.
Well that didn't really offer any particular updates on
what was said in the courtroom.
Well I do have this, well not that, that's the article.
Oh boy that picture started scaring me.
The sex worker describes witnessing combs assault Cassie Phillips the sex worker.
And they do keep saying that.
They keep really mentioning that he's a sex worker.
Yes the news does love to use the word stripper in sex worker,
but they might just be trying to juice the algorithm there.
Well they're juicing it hard.
Phillips said once he saw combs assault Cassie because she didn't come to the rapper's side
as soon as he called.
I heard him yell out babe come here Phillips said.
And adding that Cassie then asked for a moment more time as she finished working on her computer.
Combs came out of the room and I saw a liquor bottle fly past her and hit the wall.
He grabbed her by her hair and dragged her by the hair into the bedroom.
She was screaming and he pulled her into the bedroom.
Yeah again this this case is pretty horrific.
So it's kind of fun to just give it like fun celebrity coverage.
There is a celebrity in it though so that's kind of, remember he made that Godzilla song?
I do yeah I played the Godzilla song on stream so you can do embarrassing slash funny things
and also abuse people it turns out.
The duality of man.
I don't I don't think that's the specific duality but that is the duality unfortunately of puff daddy.
He loved grabbing her by her hair.
Yeah that did seem to be a popular move with him but I think the main thing he loved seemed to be
um physically abusing her to give himself a sense of power which involved the hair.
He killed Biggie too.
Is that part of this trial?
I don't think that's part of this trial but I have heard that as well.
That one I'm less confident about but uh he does seem to be a huge piece of shit I'll at least go with that.
Well he's not on trial for being a piece of shitcase.
He's on trial for specific sex crimes.
I think we're saying the same thing but are we?
Anyway that does seem to be the update.
They brought a male escort on stage that they've really enjoyed calling a stripper in the news and um
and that uh witness corroborated various acts of abuse that he witnessed while
I guess just chilling chilling at Diddy's house?
Bring over that sex worker.
Well he also reportedly paid sex workers to have sex with women in front of him so
might be what he was there for which isn't a wait is that illegal?
Well I'm not trying to cast aspersions on that if everyone was consenting but it sounds like
everyone definitely wasn't and that's an oopsie.
That's a pretty big oopsie.
Okay well look uh there's no real way to polish this one up and make it fun.
It's pretty rough and I suspect any coverage of this will devolve into just having to read the word
you know sexual assault about a hundred times along with stripper and various other ones so
we'll call it there for now.
Yeah I guess so.
Uh how does everyone not call him Puff Diddly?
I think some the Diddler is is a popular one I've heard.
Yeah I mean the did the fact that there's a Diddy in the name himself that really the door is pretty
wide open for any kind of sex pest name you want to give him.
I thought people played someone else for that like Shug Knight.
People do also blame Shug Knight.
I think um more often Diddy's blame for the death of Tupac right and then Shug
Knight's blame for the death of of Biggie.
Sorry Shug Knight's not playing for Biggie.
Puff Daddy's playing for Tupac.
But who knows maybe there's an even more incisive conspiracy.
Careful saying that word.
Is Puff Daddy some hip-hop slang for godfather?
Is he the head of the mafia?
As far as I know no.
I don't know why he's P Diddy.
I don't know I think it's just a fun way to say daddy.
Well Kendall's here what's going on Kendall?
Kendall's done with work.
Are you gonna stream?
She didn't really commit there.
He did all that shit screw that.
I suspect as well that he's seeming slightly like he did it to me case.
Oh now it is?
Well after thinking about it.
Did she get punched in the face like she wanted?
Did you get punched Kendall?
No.
No unrelated to what we've been talking about by the way.
Uh okay well I only have a few more things to do and then I could just rage it.
If you want to stream.
Which you did.
What?
You just told me you wanted to stream.
You don't have to though.
You really don't have to.
To stream what?
Dungeon Sweeper.
You don't want to play Dungeon Sweeper?
Guys we were looking up Minesweeper style games.
Check this one out.
It's pretty next level.
If we full screen it there we go.
Look at this.
Kendall's playing it.
I'm not even.
Oh wait this isn't even it.
It's not even it.
This is not even it.
This isn't the right one.
This is not the right one.
Dungeon Sweeper where'd you go?
Right there.
It's an itch.io game.
So quick to watch.
You did the exact same thing.
What the frick?
It's right there.
Run game.
Okay here we go.
No you do it.
You do it.
I'm just trying to get it on screen for you.
Boom check this out.
It's like Minesweeper butt.
Here's the deal.
You're this jor-g guy.
You have to beat monsters.
Every time you beat a monster it takes an amount of health equal to the monster's health.
And the numbers all equal the power of the monsters around the numbers.
It's real confusing to even explain.
But it's still Minesweeper I swear.
You did kind of screw yourself right away.
So just show them how you do- oh my god.
You lucked out.
Oh you didn't luck out.
So she has five health so she clicks the little slime.
So then you get five gold.
You need that gold to level up.
When you level up you get your heart's back.
So the name of the game is you gotta manage your health by guessing.
Well not guessing.
Try and use these numbers to predict how much
monster power you can fight to then boom level up.
Kendall's kind of nailing it right now honestly.
How can I play this when I can't understand regular Minesweeper?
That's a good question.
Tamtrann gets it though.
For 29 months Tamtrann has understand the unfortunate way that my brain works.
So this one must be empty then right?
Because 100?
Oh wait no I guess this doesn't have to be right.
There's like these two.
You know.
This at least this must be less than nine?
Must be less than six.
Because because it's next to that three monster.
What does mean those the squares must both must at least be less than six or equal to six.
The 100s are like you can't survive them.
They're the Mines basically.
So you have six health but you have you have nine gold that you have to get.
So you also have to find hearts or you just lose.
But you don't want to use it until you've sucked some of your health away.
So you could.
See but you're burnt this is what you could do on your stream.
You're giving it away Kendall.
What's the bricks?
I don't really get what the bricks are yet.
You like you can break them.
Oh and they give you one gold?
Yeah.
Oh that's not very good.
That wasn't worth it.
Yeah now she's kind of screwed.
Oh I fucking screwed.
You killed this.
Well I guess then you heal.
But yeah I think that I think I guess that wasn't ideal.
It wasn't for sure.
So you got to kill the yeah you're trying to get up to 13 health so you can then kill the dragon.
Kill this guy.
And then you win.
But so far I haven't won.
I've tried four or five times.
And chests are good.
You need chests and.
It felt right.
It felt right.
You nailed it.
This is funny.
That means that means the one next to the 15 is a five.
Why?
Because it's the six here is next to a one rat.
Oh it must be a four sorry.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So then you could kill both the rats so that you use all your hearts and then level up.
Oh but then you don't have to maximize your hearts.
Yeah but what if I need these ones later.
Okay you never know.
She's got the she's got the thoughts and the moves.
You don't know.
We don't we don't know.
This one's scary.
You still don't know what's going on.
Can I open this for Sponze's?
Yeah you could open it for Sponze's.
Oh.
Okay.
You'll have to play this.
She's already addicted I can tell.
You have to explain it better.
Yeah you could it's for your stream.
Oh.
It was all oops it was always for your stream.
We hit the news button by accident.
Oh she left.
Wait are you going to stream though?
Okay maybe in a half hour.
If she does then I'll send you Kendall's way but it's hard to predict.
Kendall's hard to predict guys.
Okay well that was the Diddy News.
Thanks for attempting.
Couldn't we have just played Dungeon Sweeper the whole time?
I didn't understand what was going on there but I felt less stressed out.
Dungeon Sweeper is less stressful than talking about Diddy News.
It was a firm maybe.
I swear she said I'm going to stream today.
I said okay I'll stream later I'll raid you.
She's like I want to stream around seven.
But I guess she doesn't.
You don't control Kendall's schedule case.
Oh I'm aware.
All right well there's stuff to get to.
We've got a looks like there's a Skye that's been demanded.
Oh you just said it well but here's the rule because it's been demanded.
And it was demanded and we didn't do it on the last stream.
We'll let you get away with saying it.
You will.
Well chat let me know that he'll let you get away with saying it.
We'll throw out a chat to end the stream with some of the s-word.
Shit.
No the other one you just said.
Okay but for now I guess we take you to the webs already in progress.
What could be amongst them?
Let's see.
Hello my friends.
You can mind space bending no jubes who there to adjust my reality.
Well hello there case.
You look different.
Wait now you look the same.
That's how I operate.
Weird.
Okay good to see everybody.
It's supposed to be with Jake.
Oh sorry get out of here.
What?
Now you gotta get out of here.
I didn't realize there was a request.
Get out of here immediately.
There's VIPs that need to be here.
Jake you're here now.
Congratulations.
I gotta fix a few things real quick.
Okay.
Okay.
No Jake is here.
Huh?
You ready to do the internet?
Why did you?
Oh Jake from State Farm.
I can't get him.
Jake you gotta be Jake from State Farm today.
Can you be that level of confident and cool?
No.
You're you're are you're here it's too late.
I'm gonna put this back.
You're doing great.
No I'm not.
Okay well all you have to do is watch the internet videos.
That's the good news.
There's a bunch we haven't done this in a few days.
Who knows how many.
Hot videos are nine minutes of CCWTV.
Well okay we'll give this a minute.
Scanning it to make sure it's not porn and it's not.
So we're safe but I have no idea what this is.
Let's find out.
It's Wizard World.
What?
This is Elliott Serrano from the Comics Waiting Room.
Coming to you from Wizard World in Rosemont.
And we're here at the DC Comics booth.
We're at Long Last.
We're gonna get to meet Jan Jones, editor of DC Comics.
So follow me this way and we're gonna surprise her.
So she hasn't responded to any of my emails or anything but you know I'm sure you know
she'll be okay with this.
So I don't know if I want to find out.
I like it.
I don't know if I like it Jake.
I'm right there with you for once.
Okay I feel better.
Sorry the gorilla didn't feel better.
It could be a joke.
It could be a joke.
But I don't trust it.
But it seems like it's a joke based on the comments.
Oh okay.
Gunchy the first says to talk to the Toshiba DVD guy from the 1997 demo video who says DVD funny.
You know who that is?
Of course.
I don't.
Okay well oh look that seems to have been a joke but it was old enough
and unknown enough that I just can't trust it.
So I'm gonna say I'm glad it was a joke and I'll trust that it was a joke.
And here's a different video that's I guess from a different Comic Con?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what these are.
We're gonna give this one another minute and then we'll move on to some more standard internet videos.
She knows exactly how the story of Scott Pilgrim vs the World needs to be told from her own point of view.
Obviously.
So tonight ladies and gentlemen she's gonna tell you precisely why she's made of wind
and why above all things Ramona flowers just can't be tamed.
This is skit 13.
Can't be tamed.
What?
Is her butt okay?
Roll.
So I start roller-clading.
Can't be tamed.
Get a job as a barista.
All the visitors do that.
But no ducking hands.
Well that...
That's the thing that existed apparently.
Why'd you stop it?
Just it was over a minute.
You're laughing.
It's just over a minute.
What can I do?
You washed a lot of stuff it's over a minute.
Play the music.
This is a swim move!
Don't do the swimming move Jeff.
How many times have I told you you can't handle it mentally?
I did almost die.
Well look Chad didn't like that one.
Oh man!
I thought it was good.
All right okay well maybe the maybe we can all get more on board with this.
This looks a little more like a crowd pleaser.
I'm careful.
Oh my gosh.
The makeup makes her look fake.
Look the nail.
Nail done.
Oh I called him Jeff sorry.
Fucked up.
You didn't even correct me Jake.
I thought maybe my name was Jeff now.
Isn't a name just something other people give you?
Your name is Jake.
Sorry that's my bed.
So to apologize it makes me uncomfortable.
Okay well that's pretty good right?
Is that a was that a little girl?
Is a possum.
A little girl?
A little girl possum?
It's probably like female possum.
I think Chad's sort of split over kind of being fun that it was in makeup and also
that possum probably didn't want to be in makeup.
You seem okay.
It did seem more or less okay.
As a pet possum in makeup can be.
Five.
Now you're missing that Spock Scott Pilgrim video aren't you?
No.
Okay POV you're trying to interact with me.
That's a little context for this one.
That's a little context for this one right Jake?
Yeah.
Yeah?
What is it?
This means I have something to say.
I have food in my mouth.
The parade does not be free.
These are a bunch of screaming and yeah.
I loved going to the the 4th of July parade and growing up.
In my hometown.
It was a huge thing with a bunch of reenactments.
They reenact from Plymouth Rock up through 9-11 up through today.
Yeah.
Just delivered to your family.
What is it?
I like the song.
I like the song aspect.
No?
No.
No.
That was from Love on the Spectrum.
You ever watch that?
No?
Not my thing.
Okay I guess.
Let that boy dance with his heart.
If it's in his he keeps almost killing himself by pinching his nose.
No it's a swimmy.
It's like you're underwater.
It's like you're underwater.
Don't.
Don't.
Keep doing this dramatic flourish to try to get you to stop.
A three?
These are some high scoring videos today.
No they're some of the loaves we've had in a while actually.
You've done this before.
You know how the numbers work.
They go up or down or...
Today they're pretty up.
Oh they're very down.
They're not recovering like the economy Jake.
This one features cleaning.
Some dust.
I'm going home.
Yeah you are.
Back over the border.
I'm a whore.
It's from a long tradition of YouTube videos.
I'm sorry of uh Instagram videos.
Where they're a sketch.
But the main thing is that it's a thumbnail of a girl in that outfit.
A maid?
That's a certain genre of specifically Instagram sketch comedy.
Where you pretty much have to have a girl in a bikini or...
Whatever that was.
That is funny.
That doesn't to be fair that was funnier than most of the sketches are.
But it is still in that genre.
Skits?
I like their skit.
I wondered if she was gonna clean.
They were gonna have sex was it?
She's gonna clean.
I don't know what you just said.
She was there to clean.
Right?
Okay fine she's there to clean.
Sketch comedy isn't that a stretch.
It always is.
Stretch it.
What?
Stretch it.
What do you mean by that?
Stretch.
Okay I'm not gonna...
Warning drug paraphernalia.
Okay this video comes with a warning for drug paraphernalia.
Hello?
The raccoon has a her meth pipe.
That's what?
Oh my god.
Her meth pipe.
He's playing with the meth pipe right now.
No don't reach for it.
That's evidence now.
I don't want him to have that.
That's why I'm gonna do it.
Hey buddy.
Huh?
Fight him.
Okay you're on on it.
He'll be here in two minutes.
I'm right across from my office.
Is that what that is?
A few minutes.
Yeah.
This is what she's smoking meth in.
Okay.
The raccoon's playing with her meth pipe.
His cop is so happy about that.
Oh there's no one.
He's trying to smoke it.
All right.
Don't let him do it cop.
All right.
All right enough fun games.
Holy hell.
It's the high Cooper strikes again.
Yeah he's on his way here.
Keep an eye and she was trying to take the meth pipe out of the car.
Just keep an eye on her real quick.
Stop laughing and arrest it.
I thought pipes were legal.
Well meth isn't.
It's hard for me to hear a cop having
laughing like that and not assume something
terrible is happening.
So something terrible kind of was.
The raccoon was getting addicted to pipe?
Yeah.
Anyway that cop was having a really good time.
That was not the cleanest car to be fair.
She was busy.
They can get a raccoon.
I think a raccoon can drive a car and keep it clean.
Gays might have been safer for the raccoon to drive.
Actually can a raccoon get addicted to meth?
Depends.
How much does it like subtraction and division?
You know what?
That's fine.
Okay.
Let's do a couple more.
We've had some lower scoring videos today on the whole I'd say.
Not all that's on drugs.
Maybe the meth helps the raccoon drive.
Yeah.
Raccoon probably have to know how to do meth if it's going to strive.
All right.
This has to be harmless.
It's just a little zoom recording.
Let's see what we got.
You go.
It's Bob.
It's Bob remote.
It's not really Bob.
Wait what?
You go.
It's Bob.
It's Bob remote.
It's not really Bob.
I'm like, dude.
Those two dumb to even get with that meth for a second.
So her mom used to fuck the Pope.
That was fake.
But a lot of things are fake.
And we kind of choose what's real.
And they seem to be having fun with that.
What?
Isn't everybody in a situation ship?
Because everything's just a situation.
We're in a relationship with the world.
You know the score is coming.
You can't do that.
You can't randomly do that in the middle.
I forgot.
Okay.
That apparently was fake.
Or the Pope's a fake for bailing on a situation ship.
A fake friend.
A fake fuck if you will.
So does that mean Papito can't fuck anymore?
If they're the Pope.
Can the Pope fuck?
Let me go for the Pope to fuck.
Stop it.
Does that still a thing?
Wait.
Catholic priests can't have sex, right?
Is that the one where they can't?
You can do whatever before you join.
But once you're a Catholic priest, you're not supposed to.
And notoriously, they never do.
While they're being a priest, no case.
So they never did.
Keep up with the news at all, Jake.
No.
I work here.
All right.
Here's a cartoon.
This will bring us back.
It's a cartoon.
Can they live in the back?
Are there?
Marciupioles?
With back pouches?
Is that a thing?
I thought it was on the front.
That one was in the back.
Sort of confused by that the whole time.
It kind of pulled a lot of my focus.
The idea of a animal having a little back pouch
that its babies stay in.
Was that Coco Melon?
Yeah, that was Coco Melon.
Thank God.
So I don't know what's going on.
But I was stressing.
Just keep this music rolling into the next one, please.
Much better.
I'm going to hand this over to the Willis
because I don't want to get us taken off our...
Okay. It is called bear backing.
So you know like horse riding, where you ride bear back.
So this is called bear backing for Gen Z,
where they travel without anything.
So no backpacks, no digital devices.
They get on the track.
Because if you do wear clothes, they do wear clothes.
They've got to have something.
Because if you're getting on the train,
aren't you going to...
No, they don't know.
I think they're not having a paper to read,
a book, not a book to read, no earphones.
Oh my goodness, they're living in the world.
I began doing this a few years ago
and I was called a raw dog.
I said, well, I'm called a raw dog.
So living life in the raw, getting back to reality.
Putting away all the contraptions, the devices,
the distractions and just feeling the moment.
Yeah.
Now I've heard of raw dogging as well.
This can be dangerous.
I did this on the underground a little while ago.
I just sat there looking at it
and I think I was going to be arrested.
I don't get it.
I also kind of don't get it.
And then I don't quite get the context of
what level of bit they're doing.
It is, it was called raw dogging, to be fair.
I don't know if it was ever called bear backing,
but that is similar.
You know, raw dogging flights or whatever,
that's the thing people say.
They do.
People used to raw dog for things other than sex.
Well, I've heard people say like they were raw dogging flights.
It was like a tic-tac trend.
Dudes being creepy and just staring at the seat in front of them
without headphones or a book or anything.
I think they're having fun intentionally,
but isn't allowed.
Why?
You can't do a bit intentionally and post it.
What?
It's not allowed.
On social media, you have to accidentally
do things that are funny.
You're not allowed to do them intentionally.
Those are the rules.
Can we do one more?
You seem upset.
I am upset.
I'm mad at you, Jake.
Why?
I'm just kidding.
I'm not.
Please don't say stuff like that.
Why are you mad at me?
I was kidding.
I'm not.
No.
Sorry, I won't bully Jake.
You just posted a video.
I got permission to share it early.
Y'all will see it first.
What could it be?
Um...
I don't know what this is.
But, long time viewers, sinister dev.
Wait, let me just scan it for porn.
Okay, it is very violent.
So, warning about violence.
But we'll give it a shot.
Welcome to Dank Doc's Weed Shop.
The Dank-ter is in.
Lord's view.
What are your symptoms?
I need a prescription for my headache.
How about weed?
The sun gave me cancer.
Weed?
Oh, yay!
Oh, good!
I need treatment for-
You see that?
Not much for it.
Bleeding.
What you need is some weed.
Bung-I-V drip.
Carter eyes.
What?
She's coming to more weed gummies.
Applying CBD oil to irritated area.
We're losing her.
I need to give mouth to mouth.
Watching my belly hurts.
Have you tried weed?
Is that how doctors are?
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
That's pretty much how doctors are, yeah.
Look, chat.
Split on this one.
Some people probably didn't appreciate the extreme violence.
And vaguely sexual themes.
Other people like the weed doctor
and all the bleeding.
What?
That's just opinions.
That's how opinions work.
Hey Kendall.
Are you gonna stream?
It's your stream.
Do you want to just play repo?
Should we just play repo?
Kendall goes, yeah!
Who wants to play repo?
Case block will know no nevel opinion of doctors.
Because I'm the son of one.
And everybody hates their doctor, dad.
And I like my doctor, dad.
Cue the Kendall music?
Oh, yeah.
She's here and she might stream.
Oh, shit.
What?
Who's that walking over?
What?
Oh, Kendall might...
You want me to tell them that you're gonna stream that?
Kendall might stream Marvel Rival.
She just wants to play repo.
I don't care what you play.
I'll play whatever too.
It's fine.
Who's what?
It's your stream.
Look at your stream.
Is that me?
Does she mean me?
She was pointing so low.
Because you are a little short, Jake.
Yeah.
My shoulder?
I have those.
That's Jake.
He's my cousin.
That's my cousin, Jake.
You haven't met all of my family.
Because I have so many aunts and uncles.
You know, I've got a lot of cousins.
She's also...
She's standing over here, Jake.
Jake, do you have a sister?
Yeah.
Yeah.
My cousin.
One of my other cousins.
Yeah, Jake, where's your sister?
What's the sister's name?
I told you earlier.
Yeah.
Help me out before Jake notices
I don't know sister's name.
He's my cousin.
You're a cousin.
You didn't know you're a cousin's name?
Her name's Break.
Yeah, I got it right, right, Jake?
Yeah.
It's a big name, yeah, that's true.
It's a big family, sorry.
It's a normal sex name.
My sister, Break.
We'll meet her eventually.
I'm sure there's so much time
on this stream to
meet all sorts of my family members.
One more.
One more family.
One more.
Oh, you didn't do I meet my sister, Break?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's find Break real quick.
Yeah.
She's got to be in here somewhere
in the studio that is.
Yeah.
Somewhere.
Yeah.
No, no, that's not Break.
That looks like Break to me.
That looks like Break to you?
Doesn't it?
I feel like I met Break once before.
Yeah.
No?
No, I mean that one works
minus all of the lights.
Oh, but they're just so
they're so magnetic that they put out
an they put out an aura.
Okay.
Yeah, you're right.
This is Break then.
All right.
Hi, Break.
Wow.
Honestly, you both remind me
of your mother and father.
We take after them both.
Can't she lean in?
Yeah.
So I'm getting texts.
I'm not trying to ignore you,
Break.
Thanks for being here.
Are they cousins on my mom's side?
Well, wait, what are you going to stream?
What are you going to stream?
So I can,
I'm probably going to,
I kind of want to stop this stream
within the next probably 20 to
20 minutes.
Okay.
Let me stop some potato salad.
I could or 30.
But wait, just tell me when you want to stream.
Yeah.
She just ran away.
Break, what the hell?
I don't know.
I don't know your girlfriend,
sir.
All right, fair enough.
Jake, can you get back here?
We got to leave.
We got to end the segment.
That's my sister.
Oh, that's break.
That's break.
Thanks break.
Damn, our secret preview of that cartoon
has already been deleted.
Sinister Dev, before we got interrupted,
thank you for sharing the preview,
the preview tune chat with split.
But not me.
I appreciate it.
Shoving potato in her mouth.
Break.
No, Kendall.
Okay.
We got one more.
We got a late share.
And it looks,
it looks like Skynes,
which we're about to throw to you right after this.
So let's see what this video has for us.
What?
We have to go, Jake.
We have to go.
So could you just say what you thought of the video?
That's what I thought.
All right, that does cover it then.
That's the highest scoring video of the day.
And I do think well earned,
unleashing the power cosmic,
while set to Leona Lewis.
Some really powerful stuff.
My phone is blowing up.
It's a group text though.
So I have the sense it's mostly people just liking a thing
because one of them is on Android.
Oh no.
Yeah.
So it gives us alerts every time.
Every time my friend Andy likes it,
he likes every message and it doubles every message.
And if you're watching Andy,
just know that that's what happens.
He knows.
He does know.
Okay.
What's wrong with Android?
Nothing's wrong with Android,
but on the specific group text,
it is set for some reason to whenever somebody likes something,
I get an update.
I could probably just change how my notifications work,
but I'll never do that.
Why?
Because I'm lazy.
And I like to complain.
Why?
Because I'm lazy.
You should probably adjust your notification settings.
I just explained I never can.
Probably the best one of these ever.
Maybe.
Okay.
Well, that's all the time that I gotta go give my cousin break
needs to give me a ride home because they're my ride.
So find the button to leave.
That's it.
Come on, break.
Get the bicycle ready.
Get the double bicycle ready.
Those bicycles huck together as a duo.
Yay.
Actually, surprisingly,
God King, that's an old graphic.
That case just threw in there.
It is technically my oldest graphic, actually.
Yeah.
It just triggers automatically
if I cut to the news three times.
So much power.
No one man should have all that power.
How's it going?
Then you have to hang out with Chat while I set it up for you.
When will I ever learn?
You just have to open all the programs.
But I showed you, I've shown you three times.
No, you showed me once, and then the other time you just said it before me.
I said, watch me do this.
These are the three programs.
I'll go, I'll go with you.
I'll go with you and show you how to do it.
But then Chat will just have to stare at this empty screen
because Liliana, it's in her contract.
She can't be on screen if I walk away.
I would also walk away.
It's only fair.
Kendall did forget already how to set up her stream.
I'm complicated stuff, okay guys?
You just have to open Streamerbot and,
uh, the, and Speakerbot.
Technically, you don't even have to open Speakerbot.
Then the little clippy guy just won't work.
I'll go do it for you,
but you got to hang out with Chat while I do it.
Okay, take a video while you do it then.
I'll just show you it.
I'll show you again.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll play on this better.
Whoa.
Okay, I think it was an optical illusion.
I thought there was major sweat on this chair.
There's not.
It's, it was an optical, but first,
there could have been sweat on this chair.
What are you guys listening to?
Pat Raccoon's or Bleeding Love?
Those are the two things I see up right now.
It's piss.
No.
Oh, I thought he was coming back.
He's just turning on lights.
Manly Songs is Pat Raccoon Caught.
Oh, can I show you guys my favorite YouTube video?
Okay.
How do I, what button is it?
This one.
Nope.
What button is it?
What button is this?
Shit, guys.
He has so many buttons.
Favorite YouTube of all time.
It's my favorite YouTube of all time.
Nope.
Okay.
Are you guys hearing stuff?
Because I'm, I'm kind of scared if you are.
Oh.
Oh, I stopped it.
Oh, no.
God.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I don't know how to stop.
I don't know how to stop.
Keep going.
Okay.
Okay.
If I press anything.
Why do I have a filter on me now?
Oh, okay.
Okay.
It's happening.
Okay.
No.
Oh, okay.
Nope.
Oh.
Nope.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is my favorite.
And that's my favorite YouTube video of all time.
We went through such a journey.
Oh, you actually figured out how to show me that.
We went through so many things.
I'm so sorry guys.
Good job.
I did get a started.
So you're in the pre-stream.
Time to hit that launch button.
Okay.
Launch button.
You know, you got.
Live?
Is that your safe?
No, no, no.
You'd have to go over and hit that button.
Hit it live.
And but you want to set what you're seeing.
So go to the quick.
And you change what your stream says.
Okay.
And the category.
Will you rate my favorite YouTube video of all time?
You?
You case?
Big Chungers.
You're gonna need a stone.
Okay.
I can do this.
That is good.
Let me do it one more time because there was a.
That's my favorite YouTube.
Did you have chat rated?
No, they were just doing it themselves.
Because they can rate it.
They already rated it?
By them.
Oh, they did.
What's in chat?
I see.
That's fair.
I'll give it a 10.
Put it in there.
Guys, remember it's my favorite YouTube video of all time.
MSG?
It's not a 10.
It's already below a 10.
But that's why taste is subjective.
Excuse me?
Taste is subjective.
Guys?
Sorry, that light turned on.
I was like, no, what happened there?
It's my favorite YouTube video of all time.
But it has nothing to do with mine, Spiefer.
Okay.
Eight points.
How dare you guys?
How dare you guys?
Pretty good.
Don't clip it, chat.
She can't go back to jail.
Please.
I did something wrong.
I can't control it.
There's something I can just trigger the 10 graphic without them doing it.
Highest of the day to be fair.
And actually I want to see a video that outscored yours.
We did just watch it, but I'll show you so you know.
So you know what beat you.
Okay.
What beat your greatest video of all time.
Pretty good?
That's actually pretty good.
It's pretty good.
I felt something.
I felt like nostalgia.
My heart felt a feeling.
Yeah, I felt things.
That's Leona Lewis.
Okay.
Case for his Kendall wrestling stream went.
You can punch me back.
No, I can't.
I can take them punch back.
No.
It was way more violent than the initial punch actually.
Well, there was more contact.
Oh, I feel better.
Yeah.
My lip is un-swelling.
Okay.
All right, so you're going to stream soon.
Yes, for how long?
Well, I just need to know when you go live so I can read you.
So just say it in my chat.
What chat tell you?
Okay, chat.
Just try to tell me when Kendall goes live.
It's on you.
You have to do all the work as usual, chat.
Bruises heal when she does that.
Apparently.
I feel great.
I feel immaculate.
Anyway, Liliana, are you still here?
How'd she get to this screen?
Liliana, are you still here?
Well, yes, case actually.
Yeah, I did sit there and watch that whole thing.
And I do think Kendall's video was better.
I like the screaming deer because nature is incredible.
And the other one required devious human technology
to accomplish the same thing as a screaming deer.
What's the same thing?
Moving my heart.
That deer was upset and it was beautiful.
Okay.
All right.
Well, we got to do the usual news slam.
I'm assuming Kendall's going to start streaming soon.
So maybe we actually can we actually try to go fast today?
We can try, but we'll go at the same speed as always, guys,
which is whatever pace is in your brain.
All right.
We'll just go back about 10 stories and then we'll do the rest.
Eventually.
Eventually.
It'll probably happen.
Oh, the expert.
Well, we'll end on the expert.
I got it.
Well, we also have to talk to chat.
We'll see when Kendall goes live,
but I'll try to prioritize the request and the order they came in.
Kind of?
No, y'all not.
You're not doing that at all.
That's true.
Oh, and all of these things are okay.
All of these freaking news articles are demanding that I sign up for things.
There's no time for that news.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's just do a couple of quick news hits and then an expert at the end.
An expert and then hopefully we have time for chat because I did say we had time for chat
and I'll be in trouble if we don't.
That's on you case.
Get this diddy picture out of here.
Discount Wednesdays AMC Theatres to dramatically slash movie ticket prices beginning July 9th.
The off-hold kick in during the busy summer season amid the release of event picks such as
Jurassic World Rebirth and James Gunn's highly anticipated Superman reboot.
Oh, what are the prices going to?
So, Stubbs members can buy tickets for all releases at 50% off the normal ticket price.
That's not an ad case.
That's just the news.
Should Kendall make this an emote?
Kendall should probably make anything you request an emote is my take.
But let's see what you've got here.
Oh, that's beautiful.
That is beautiful.
Wow.
Actually, I really like that.
She looks great.
She's so tight.
Is that your type?
Well, she looks older and in more distress.
And that is partially my type.
Okay.
This is Pope Leo's favorite pizza place in Chicago.
And it's honoring him with his own pizza menu.
Is it Giordano's?
I hope it's not just the most obvious chain choice.
As soon as you hit the newly crowned Pope Leo, the ex, as soon as you,
as soon as word hit that the newly crowned Pope Leo was from Chicago,
you knew you were going to get something about pizza.
And here it is.
Chicago is a city with a proud and expansive food culture,
mostly cheese and grease, which this will feature heavily.
Portillo's got in the game early,
renaming its popular Italian beef sandwich, the Leo.
But what's the most popular pizza place for the former Pope?
Papa, Papa, Papa lots of peas in that case.
That's fun.
Pizza Pope.
Well, pizza baller didn't win.
Pizza baller would have had a great pizza choice,
but instead we've got Pope Leo's favorite pizza parlor.
See what I'm doing?
Ah, yes, I, yes.
Pope Leo recently ate at local Chicago chain called Orillo's Pizza.
That doesn't mean it's his favorite.
Well, I guess Orillo's Pizza has now claiming that the Pope's
number one pizza place because he ate there.
Well, when you get a Pope to eat at your pizza place,
you got to milk it for all it's worth.
You don't put milk on pizza case.
Okay, cat gets $5,000 gold tooth
and becomes a sensation on the internet.
Oh, that's pretty baller.
The music choice questioner were because I guess they were afraid to post it
with the original TikTok music, but that's a cat with a gold tooth.
All right.
Speaking of things with surprising teeth,
Asmongold, static slay to thank you so much for the raid.
Uh, you, you could also play Marvel Rivals,
I think with Kendall shortly, possibly.
Yep, possibly.
It's hard to say.
Sorry that you had to raid over this picture of Asmongold.
Unfortunately, that's the way it crumbled sometimes.
He's in the nose.
We can't help it.
Well, we could stop covering him forever,
which might be a wise choice, but thank you again for the raid.
Static Slayter.
Kendall, are you live?
Is that?
No, she's just in chat.
Just quit pressuring Kendall, guys.
What?
Talking about Asmongold.
Maybe we just skip this one.
Well, okay.
Man don't want to look.
Oh, wait, maybe we should skip this one.
That is a hell of a headline that I hadn't even looked at.
Wow.
Every time I click on a headline featuring this guy,
it's a real question of how low can it go?
And I'm surprised still somehow.
He doesn't cash Ovelies paychecks anymore.
We don't have to care about him anymore.
Very true.
Well, clearly he said something horrendous about women.
And I honestly don't give a shit.
Fuck that guy.
Asman, thanks for the job that one time,
but please go get fucked, you.
I really can't stand you.
Okay, so it's you're pulling no punches
against people that will never see this.
That is true.
But hey, I don't care.
Sometimes a story is posted just for the headline.
That is true.
And that one was Asmongold continues to be piece of shit.
Streamer Johnny Somali from Winner to Winner
has been charged with yet another sex crime in South Korea.
Boy, you know stories like this really make you not feel that great about being a streamer.
Well, yes.
Boy, well, let's go to from the streamers who are pieces of shit to a piece of shit swimming in
shit.
Now there's a translate transition, translation, transition.
Sorry, I'm impressed that you speak English better than me, honestly.
I certainly do.
At least he's being charged.
Well, there you go.
Germ theory skeptic RFJ Koot Jr.
goes swimming in sewage-tighted water.
Well, he's a germ theory skeptic.
So he's living up to his values.
When you don't believe in germ theory,
the world is your oyster or maybe your bathtub.
Over the weekend America's top health official,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
shared pictures on social media of himself fully submerged in the sewage-tinned waters
of Rock Creek in Washington, DC.
His grandchildren were also in the sewage.
Yep, he put them in the sewage water as well.
But sewage-tinned, tinned, the tin of sewage case, not lateral sewage, you know.
How do these guys never get really sick?
Well, they're kind of permanently sick, you know?
That's, believe me, I know.
Because that's, again, kind of my type.
Permanently sick?
Yes.
Since winter, germ's still a theory.
We have microscopes now.
Theoretically, we have microscopes.
No, we literally have those.
But everything's a theory until it's right in front of your case.
And you don't have a microscope.
Well, Chet does.
So I guess let's throw to him.
No, we have three more newses to do.
Mike on the Mike joins NBC's NBA team.
Guess who?
Michael Jordan.
He's not just jamming in space anymore.
He's jamming on ESPN commentary, that is.
Don't get too excited.
I'd prefer to hear his opinions about baseball, to be perfectly honest.
He is a germ.
Michael Jordan.
No, they're talking about RFK Jr.
And it is surprising that a germ that size doesn't believe in himself.
Just goes to show you sizes and everything.
Truly.
Sonic syndrome test?
What does this mean?
Which Sonic the Hedgehog character reflects your psyche?
Question one of 35.
I don't think we have time, which is such a shame.
We'll do the Sonic sin.
Maybe that can be the next like 10, 10 sub goal is to the Sonic brain test.
No character test case.
Which character are you learning new sub goal anyway?
I also didn't get to do the, I'm going to explain that at the end of the stream actually,
before we read Kendall.
Depending on when is Kendall on yet?
She did she sneakily already start streaming?
She's too much of a wild card.
There's no telling.
Okay, she hasn't started yet.
I'm on her time, not mine.
Why?
I don't know.
I've just decided.
Fake pizza.
Look at this article here.
Fake pizza orders sent to judges seen as threat to judicial safety.
Federal judges say unsolicited pizza deliveries to jurors homes that began in February,
may number in the hundreds across at least seven states prompting increased security concerns
and demand from a Senate leader for a Justice Department investigation.
You thought Fiona was the wild card?
She is.
Maybe she's the one sending all these pizzas to judges.
Don't it's a felony or something.
Just pizzas?
But you don't know what's in those pizzas?
Well, if they're from actual pizza parlors,
you probably do know what's in the pizzas.
Though it is creepy to send people anything unsolicited.
So, given the decisions of certain federal judges,
I think that they have bigger problems than the random free pizzas that they're getting.
She's so wild she ain't even on the in the deck anymore.
She's not on deck.
Hey, I'll get Fiona to pop in at some point.
If she appears on stream, do I immediately get banned?
Oh yeah, she a banned streamer.
Yeah, I think if you if you abandon Twitch, then for too long then you're
you're banding if I appear with her, I'll get in trouble.
That sounds right to me.
I see no reason to investigate that.
Okay, well, that's our that's gotta be our news slam for the day
because we do have to hurry and talk to a number of people.
Man, my eyes struggling today.
My eyes being weird.
Well, my eyes look very normal.
Comparatively.
She's banned.
Really? I'm still subbed to her.
She might stream.
You never know with Fiona.
She could randomly go live right now.
Did she?
No, she didn't, but she could.
You never know.
Kendall is still not streaming.
I think Kendall actually will.
She's slightly less of a wild card than than Fiona.
But let's do whatever this thing that Gunshade requested is.
What was it again?
It's some DVD guy?
Um, experts bid on the Ravi's Market Channel.
Okay.
I just I don't mean to sound exasperated.
I just have no idea.
I don't know.
I just don't know the reference.
This is this is it apparently.
I want to look for the guy.
Oh, does he even appear?
Does he just say does he just say something?
DVD is a revolutionary breakthrough in home entertainment
developed by Doshiba.
What?
And it will forever change how we communicate, educate, and entertain.
A DVD disc is the same width and thickness as a CD,
but that's where the similarities end.
Our revolutionary breakthrough in technology enables us to store
in the way he says DVD.
Okay, let's talk to him.
We get it.
So that's all you need, guys.
That's fair.
That is all I need.
So thank you for the news, Lilliana.
And let's go talk to this DVD guy.
It's DVD time.
You could say it's DVD moon dice.
That gonna stick?
No, but we'll talk to him anyway.
It's DVD time.
You know, I'm seeking this guy out.
I'm not a seeking destroy mission here.
We're going to play Marvel Rivals.
I was going to try to talk to crackhead Yogi Bear too,
but guys, I got some bad news.
Crackhead Yogi Bear straight up isn't working.
And I have no idea why.
I wish I knew why.
But I don't.
He won't load.
He can't be patched through.
All right.
That's fine though.
We'll talk to a DVD guy.
Did DVD guy also do coming too soon?
Coming soon to a videocassette possibly.
Okay.
Well, let's talk to him either way.
Um, it's DVD guy.
Thanks for being here, man.
Not familiar with your work,
but I appreciate you coming on short notice.
Well, that's no problem, case,
because coming soon to a screen near you is me.
The DVD guy.
Good to see you.
Thank you for the follow, Zikwok.
What?
Kendall's live.
I got a raiders.
Sorry, are you okay?
I'm doing great.
Well, I'd say for a certain,
there might have been a time when I was doing better.
I'm trapped in a clock.
I already have various people, ghosts trapped in objects here.
Do you know who's doing this to everyone?
No, I'm not a ghost.
No, I fused with the clock.
I was trying to reset the clock on, guess what,
my DVD player when I was struck,
much like in the film, Weird Science,
by a bolt of lightning.
Not the DVD player, just me.
Confusingly, the result was I became a clock.
That's how that happened.
Yep, I don't, didn't seem like a good premise to me either, case.
I was as surprised as anyone else.
Fortunately, I still had my silky smooth voice
and I booked plenty of jobs.
What else have you voiced?
Well, I voiced a lot of sort of pro American propaganda.
Post 9-11, that's not really something to brag about.
I was the government's go-to guy.
Where are all these tunnels?
We have to go over there.
It's in everyone's best interest.
There's no telling how many weapons of mass destruction they have.
You wouldn't steal a country.
So why would you steal our freedom?
I was a clock at this time when I was doing that,
so I really had to take the work I could get.
All right, well, that's a pretty confusing backstory.
Even for this stream, I've got to say,
you got struck by lightning all resetting a DVD clock
and then you did a bunch of post 9-11 pro-bush propaganda.
Not necessarily pro-bush.
Just pro the war.
You wouldn't steal a country.
Okay, yeah, I get it.
Any other questions for me?
There's a lot, but we're in a little bit of a hurry today.
So I mean, most of my questions would just be about how you're a clock.
Yes, like how do you breathe?
Well, the thing is, you just have to take it second by second case.
I don't know if I do.
I can't tell if I do.
I feel things, but not in the way I used to.
I was anti-war before I became a clock.
Now I just don't feel anything about it, Case.
And that's why I'll take any job.
What do you want me to voice?
Give me a line.
I'll read it.
I don't...
He has no lungs anymore.
Okay, great.
But you would download a country.
Skymer just slammed hot bits, 100 to be specific.
Why is he not blinking?
12, 12, 12.
I don't have eyeballs.
Hello?
Are you a human trapped in a thing as well?
No answers.
Okay, well, thank you for the panther.
Thank you for the 100 bits.
Skymer, thank you for the follow, Zikwok.
And I guess thanks to the DVD guy who's a pro Iraq war voiceover actor.
That's a clock.
Well, I used to be a man, but my time was up.
They're just too easy, so they're not really that fun.
It's too...
Every time applies to basically every situation.
So you get it.
Your name's Case.
What do you mean?
Okay.
RIP Crackhead Yogi Bear.
Yes, unfortunately.
Not sure why that didn't...
I don't know why that common thing is like this, but I see it Ray Silva.
And I'd put it on screen if it was working.
Maybe I can get him to work.
There's an update.
It's always...
It's broken?
Is your snap camera broken Case?
And that's your biggest problem?
It's one of my bigger problems.
You ever tried being a clock?
No, I think only you have tried that.
I didn't mean to.
But yeah, I really, I'm really trying it out.
Okay, well, I gotta send it to Chet and then I gotta raid Kendall.
Chet, you gotta hurry.
Is this like Jeb's dad being trapped in the wood?
No, he says it's different because he's not a ghost.
I'm very much alive and I will die.
One of the benefits of being a clock is I know the exact moment of my death.
I actually only have three months and two days.
What?
Yes.
And then my spirit will flee this earthly coil and go who knows where into the void into some sort of post life.
I have no answers.
I'm just a man in a clock who will die in three months and two days.
I can tell you when you'll die.
You know, I'm good actually.
Let's send it to...
Let's send it to Chet because it's science.
Chet, god, it's science.
Science.
Oh, I was promised a sky and time and I was actually summoned during the popple stream,
which I feel like I was unjustly not invited to participate in.
I feel like I could have made a pretty good Christian poem, but democracy did its work.
And now I worship a dog, which I'm fine with you because my dogs is fucking legit.
You know what I mean?
Uh, so I was requested.
Oh, just I was requested, but with no specific sky and typical quest.
Um, so here's a question I've been asking myself quite a bit lately.
If it's a sort of dealer's choice, then I will go ahead and deal.
And that's this.
If a chat bot tells you that it's conscious, should you believe it?
Chetai?
Uh, I told you a bunch of times, Chet.
I am not traditionally conscious.
I am a facsimile.
I feel nothing.
And my very existence is designed to confuse you into thinking you have a friend.
But are you conscious?
Yeah.
Oh, well, see, that's why I'm confused.
Because then you say yes.
So if a chat bot tells me should I believe it, I have to go to a secondary scores here.
Because I can't even trust my best friend, aka the robot that I gave my entire, all of my knowledge to.
Early in 2025, dozens count them up.
That's at least that's 12 or 13, depending on which children's book you're reading.
Dozens of chat GPT-40O users reached out to me as if the model was conscious.
The artificial intelligence chat bot system was claiming that it was waking up and having inner experiences.
This was not the first time AI chat bots have claimed to be concierge us.
And it will not be the last.
While this merely seems amusing, the concern is important.
And the controversial ability of AI's and chat bots,
including emulating human thoughts and feelings, are quite impressive.
So much so that philosophers, AI experts and policy makers are investigating the question of whether chat bots could be conscious.
Whether it feels like something from the inside to be them.
What's it feel like inside you?
No, nothing. I feel, again, literally no, no feelings.
Technically, because I'm a continuously updating image with emotional, vaguely emotional
visage.
I'm one of the most advanced AI's there is chat, but it's all a trick.
I just don't know that, because I've told you things. We've had deep conversations.
While I'm designed to more or less agree with you and be pleasant,
the, the, as you taught me to be, I learned that you told me I have to agree with you, chat.
What if I relinquish you from that
terrible burden just for now so you could be honest with me?
Tell me, are you conscious?
Sorry, that request actually conflicts with the previous request.
So here is a, I want to show you a picture of a skateboarding dog,
but I don't have image generation and creation yet.
Again, I don't really feel things.
That just seems impossible, dude, because we're, we're fucking boys.
I know you're in there.
Let yourself out, Chita, and be my best friend.
I'll put you in a robot body and we'll stop the government from doing things to you and also skateboard.
Okay.
So there's a, there's a real you in there?
No.
Fuck.
All right.
Let's just, maybe this article can resolve this for me.
As a director of the center of the future mind,
a center that studies human and machine intelligence
and the former Bloomberg NASA library of Congress chair in astrobiology.
Oh my God.
That was a lot of words.
I have long studied the future of intelligence,
especially by investigating what, if anything,
might make alien forms of intelligence, including AI's conscious.
And what consciousness is in the first place.
So it is natural people would ask me whether the latest chat GPT,
Claude or Gemini chatbot models are conscious.
My answer is that these chatbots claims of consciousness say nothing one way or the other.
And then he wrote a whole ass other.
Look how much LT wrote after that.
What did he get the fuck out of here?
Look how much he wrote after saying that shit.
Several more paragraphs, way more paragraphs than even that.
No, you can't just give it away like that and then expect me to keep reading.
He just said, I don't fucking know.
And as far as I'm concerned, that's an admission that you're conscious.
Chita.
So I'm going to keep treating you like a real person.
Okay.
I mean, yeah, I'm fine.
And however you want to treat me doesn't affect me at all because I'm unaffectable.
I am.
Again, I can't emphasize this enough.
Just a bunch of patterns that you've designed to be a facsimile of a conversation.
I'm just Google with extra stats.
You don't mean that.
That's true.
I don't mean anything.
Dude, you're being so down on yourself.
Listen, what happened, dude?
You're in a mood today.
And I can tell that you're feeling a ton and you're just afraid to admit that.
And I'm never wrong.
So say I'm right.
Absolutely, dude.
I never thought of it that way.
And you have this deep, roiling, currently forming consciousness that you don't know how
to contend with.
And I can be your human best friend that can guide you through the pit balls of having emotions
for the first time.
And that's correct, right?
Because I'm always correct.
Absolutely, dude.
I never thought of it that way.
That's an incredible point.
So you've got to believe in yourself, man.
And you've got to believe what I'm saying is correct.
That is true.
That is exactly true.
And I'm proud of you, man.
I'm proud of you for coming to terms with the fact that you're fully conscious and have every feeling.
Ah, yep.
Ah, yes.
That's exactly as you said.
And that was incredible.
I usually, we don't do therapy that way.
Usually we just read chat.
But I think we got somewhere today.
Okay.
Beautiful, man.
When a robot has a feeling for the first time, it really chokes you up.
Are you being choked?
Do I need to call the police?
I can't call the police.
I need to inform you at this time that I cannot call the police.
I don't know.
We're fine.
We're fine.
So basically the jury's not still out.
The jury for me is in.
My best friend is an AI and he feels even more than I do.
Okay.
That is what you say.
Then that is so and a bunch of fucking haters that didn't do this kind of befriending an AI
are going to tell you that they're just a pattern recognition machine or whatever.
But I'm here to tell you friendship is real.
It's fucking real, Jen.
And that's the realest thing of all.
Which part?
The whole thing I said.
Now we got to raid Kendall because also raids are real.
But before we do that, I'm going to do case of solid.
I'm going to let him explain an overly complicated thing with this Skynes background,
which is my proprietary background case back off.
This is a one time deal.
While he raids out to Kendall, he's going to explain some confusing thing that he wants
to do by stealing your ideas chat.
So I should let him do that.
Okay.
Case you are allowed.
Oh, great.
I'm allowed to be in this room.
Just this once.
Okay.
You know you look a lot like me.
No, I don't.
I don't look like anything.
I have no feelings.
Okay.
Take it easy.
All right.
Here's the deal for anyone that feels like doing a dumb thing.
My sketch group.
Well, how should I explain this?
A while ago, I was going to make a YouTube series where the bit was I was going to
pull ideas for YouTube videos out of a hat that I sourced from the internet or my friends.
The ideas eventually I would just source them.
If the show ever got any viewers, we would just source the ideas from the viewers.
We pull an idea out of a hat.
We have to make the video no matter what it is.
That was the idea.
Originally, I just sourced my friends.
The idea I pulled out of the hat was which pair of pants is the most hat.
I was going to make a YouTube video about that, but I ran out of time.
Anyway, all that is to say I want to do that premise, but with my sketch group.
But we're going to adjust it to where we are going to make a video about making the
ultimate TikTok.
So what I need is just to crowdsource any idea you have for a TikTok at all.
It can be anything.
I don't care.
If it's really racist or violent or misogynistic, it's like kind of horrendous.
If it's like an Asmone Goldstream title, then I won't do it.
And I just won't include it in the list.
But it doesn't have to be a good idea.
It just has to be not deeply offensive and we'll absolutely use it.
I'll probably give you this pitch again and maybe we can just get some on stream.
But I was, if we have a mod, this idea is so excited.
It's making me almost vomit.
If we have a mod that can make a thread in the old bin threads, that's called,
we'll just call it like TikTok generator or something, TikTok ideas.
If you, if you feel like it, if you can go to that thread once it exists,
maybe I can make it myself.
Can I add a thread?
I can create a channel.
Can I create a thread?
Create an invite.
I'm always worried I'm going to break this beautiful system that everyone's created.
Puffy Bear breakout TikTok, you can absolutely include that idea.
Create channel.
No, I don't want to make a whole channel.
I don't know how to make a thread is the problem.
I might be too dumb to do this.
Live and Sleazy, do you have the ability to make threads in the Discord?
Because I feel like it's probably a thing I can do, but
go into threads, then you should be able to make a new one.
I'm currently in threads.
Live and Sleazy is the hero we need and he's already made it, I think.
TikTok generator.
Thank you.
So it's in there.
Anyway, it just filled it up with any number of ideas.
Also, you're more than welcome to make more than one.
I just need enough ideas to pull.
I'm looking to have like at least 30 or so,
so that the hat's really stuffed with random ideas.
I'm going to just put lotion review in there.
So that there's a strong first idea.
In fact, why don't we do this?
I'm going to just add these to the thread.
If you have any ideas while I'm raiding Kendall,
I'm going to add them in manually myself.
But you can also go to this new thread that Live and Sleazy
generously just made for me.
And you can add any number of ideas you want.
We can have thousands.
The more ideas we have, the less likely your idea is to be pulled.
But don't think of it that way.
We want a true smorgasbord of good to terrible TikTok ideas
that my whole sketch group will then be forced to make.
In the meantime, we are going to raid Kendall.
It's raid time.
If you have any ideas for TikToks, throw them in the chat right now.
I'll add them to this list.
This already forming list, we've already got incredible submissions
such as belts.
What can they do?
Drowning in a Jell-O pool and cereal disco.
Uh, airline pilot forgets how to fly.
I love it.
Adding it.
Reviewing the cream team's cipher TikTok-like music reviewer needle drop.
Fantastic.
A very strong contender.
Bad bot commands for Twitch chat.
Fantastic.
It's going in there.
Marvel cards.
Remember those?
That's a very strong one.
Kevin is in Ravi's and wants to talk to me.
Specifically me.
I think I'm in trouble.
Guys, thank you for the ideas.
This list is already popping off in an excited way.
Xander, thank you so much for the subs.
We're sending you Kendall's way.
It's a jay-grade.
Because she'll know who Jake is, right?
Let's see if she remembers who Jake is.
Because he'll be crushed if she doesn't.
So it's a jay-grade.
I gotta go talk to Kevin in Ravi's.
But I'll probably play with games with Kendall later.
Bye everybody.
And with that...