I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live, I love my dog
I feel this way
You let most of the baby inside
You put the extra large salad, hold the lettuce, all crouton
When I'm in, I'm nothing, put that bin in the fin
Get that wide open, it comes right in the stem
Don't watch those hands just crumb all over me, girl
Don't watch those hands just crumb all over me, girl
Crunt up this pack of because I waver
Blowing out the reed of dust
Forks flitting up that flaky crust
We lost stuff in your domestic, crump it play a little game
Don't watch those hands just crumb all over me, girl
Kides and walls most nights unseen
Nice
In the dark where his presence is keen
You know?
He's Peter G, he's not your friend
Not like Peter Griffin, he's a different blend
He dwells in the shadow
He dwells in the shadow
Solitary figure
Never one technique is gonna stay in there
Yes, really quick, exciting
That is right, we're doing a town hall again
Town hall again!
Rob Elvie and Mancini Smooth?
That must be live and sleazy requesting that
We'll do it!
Some of our usual contributors to the show have called in sick
For reasons of something about touching hotkeys
I guess they had an overheated keyboard or something
But they'll be back, don't worry
It's a matter of searching for them
But we can still find Rob's Mancini Smooth and Rob Elvie
But I thought died in the wall actually
Got a haircut and a dye job?
You know like my long, graying hairs?
I'll do one of those, you can pick
You know what, you can't pick, I'll do a haircut
I take it back, there's no picking
Yeah, I could go all gray
Do I have to restart my computer every time before opening up?
Yes, not anymore, but I used to
I've fiddled with things quite a bit
And now I don't have to, lately
But maybe someday
I could put fun colors in the gray
I could get red sides
Like, I don't even know like what
Like a bad choice
Thank you for all the subs though everybody
The hype train is supposed to be here
I'm assuming
Is it though?
Is it here?
Hype train
Aquariumans want to know
Are you here?
Nooooo
September to remind us of the coming holidays
September is almost over so that's the right time to check in with September
Because he doesn't really
Get when the holiday is
It's, I think September
But he doesn't really know when September is
He's not so hyped today, what's your problem?
What do you mean I'm very hyped?
Extremely pumped up
You sound extremely limp
I'd find me a limp tight beat
Yeah, do you miss Crumb?
Sound like you're gonna say yes
Do you want what you can't have?
I can have his ass right now
We never had sex
Really?
Yeah that's what I'm so wanted in hell
I'm the one thing that doesn't fuck
Everything on there, Fox, but not me
I thought your chat seems to think you might have been up to something
Nah, I don't do sex
I'm a train
Okay
I don't really see how that precludes anything but
If the hype train says so
I'll find him a limp tight beat
So that he can thank these subs before he dies
It wasn't consummated, it was constipated
Is that accurate?
Extremely, and that is consummation in hell
If you can't shit
For an hour, you're married
Cause everybody's shitting all the time
You know when you die you shit yourself
And when you're in hell you're just a running faucet
You're like an everlasting
Gobstopper
You're like the waterfall from Charlie the Chuck
You're running all the shit running out of people all the time
I thought we thought it was all pissed
He said duo baby
That's do-duo's, I got the doolies
Blah blah blah blah
Pissed shit that is
Here's a limp hip hop trap tight beat
Is this Shaper again?
Look how limp this is
This is kind of a weird picture for one of these YouTube beats
I wasn't expecting this
This is like a log
Oh fuck
Have you seen um, is it freaking Jeb?
Yeah it's me it's Jeb and I can't find my glasses
Are you lurking around?
No I just can't find my glasses I checked up here
It's supposed to be the hype train sign
Get out of here Jeb, you're not ready to marry me yet
I got people to thank
I'm with you
Don't
That's not what anybody asks for Jeb
I'm running out of limp tight beat
If I get a different limp tight beat
This is horizontal limp
What the fuck
You're good at this time Chuck
It's Chuck Sway everybody
Don't you love Chuck Sway type limp trap tight beats horizontal limp
Limp yeah
Thank you Mr.
4 and M are 50 because they're showing me love
And I'm thanking the subs to Commander Jeb
You gave us a sub and I think you're the best
Shut the fuck up Jeb
But I worked under your rhyme scheme
And you didn't stop me
Shut up shut up shut up Jeb
I'm dealing with you I'm gonna fake
I'm gonna hold you through I'm gonna fake these subs
That's what I do around the hype train
And I don't wanna take a poo I got a propaganda
V2 32 month they thank I'm a thurus of preachy too
What it do 26 month woo woo
Apple Dapples still addicted to the Snapple
100 bits and panthers man they know that
They can go to battle true
Blue 90 winners they give me something
Bumble Sprout 5 subs what the fuck something
Yes
Vellerin 2 we got 10 nasty subs
Every time I come through split
Between Vellerin and Bumble Sprout
What it do card king thank you
Thank you thank you
DJ C part
Fuck on the beat
Hot train I can't even stay on the beat
Because there's other beats
And you know how that goes
Gizbo ready with the song to explode
The request from some preachy
And here was it says
I went to the wall and I like I was
This crappy t-shirt Celtic shoe
Gaze type on the track
And I'mma leave that shit to Gizbo man
Oh shit how am I gonna get Gizbo to rap
I gotta pull up that ass
Let's figure out how it works
And also Jeb's looking for his glasses
I found them
So I can go now
Yeah you can then if you if you feel like you can then you can
You can go out here man
Are you waiting for us to say something
I thought maybe we'd play the sad music for me
No
No I'm trying to play that less
How about
Is there old somewhere oldest music Jeb
Does this make anyone feel anything
No
Get out of here
Pupito is he gone
Is he for sure gone
I don't know
Probably not
Probably just like you know
Under your desk
What
This is worth checking you might
I go under your desk a lot
And I bite stuff and I make a mess
That's true
I don't even piss and shit down there
But I just track other stuff in
I bring in other people's piss and shit
I bring in all sorts of spoiled foods
All stuff he does
A paint down there
Yeah he did paint
I don't even know what painting is but I do it
Down there
Yeah he does all that under my desk
Under the desk
Oh you know that song
Everybody's being difficult today
But that's fine we can just move on to the news
All the subs
Do you get deeper
When you're less hyped
Pupito what do you
Paint with
Bees
I paint mostly with bees
Like the insect
I say we just do the news
I don't think we're gonna get anything
I don't think we're gonna get anything
I'm giving you gold
Okay well uh
We'll see what's going on in the world I guess
It's news time
Yes
Yes
Oh it's good to see
Back on time
What
What
You did that on purpose
It's just on a timer
It's on a twitch timer it's not my fault Rick
I can't help it if it's
Cosmically sensed that you're here and that sucks
We're never gonna get anywhere with this will they won't
They tension between us
You think it seems like we want to fuck
No like we want to be pals
So we should will they
Be pals
Yeah how have you not been arrested
For what I'd be the one doing it
Cause I'm one of the guys that's in charge
You're never convincing when you say it
I'm really in charge
I'm one of the guys that runs the country
Everybody relax
I'm just here to help you understand the world
So that you can all settle down
And slowly
Enter the pod existence that we all have planned
For you
Eventually we're gonna get you all in pods
Not like the matrix
No worse
No cool reality for you just normal
Reality about your in pods
That's the plan
They'll keep trying to have sex with me
Yeah stop everybody trying to have sex with me
That says something unpleasant about the work environment
If everybody's trying to fuck me
I'm not
Rick Epstein
Maybe that should be your nickname
There's plenty of Epsteins out there so they'd be fine with that
I think we mean the bad one
There's plenty of bad Epsteins out there
And good ones
There's a lot of people on the planet
So I don't even bother by that
You're finally calling you Rick Epstein
My last name is classified so
You pick
I'm not really bothered by your bullshit today
Because
The news is good
I wasn't planning on good news
But that's just sort of my general
Abraising for impact
So I actually have no
Idea really
What's going on
In the world I haven't looked
It's one of the
New strategies of the shows
To not know the news
So far it's
It's not really working but
We're gonna keep at it anyway
Not Tupac's mom
What happened with Tupac's mom
Hopefully that's not in the news
I don't know actually
Wait okay
I had a story here and it closed
Why did my story get closed
She was living down in Cuba with Tupac
Tupac I've lost track
Of what's happening in chat which is not surprising
Anyone
Uh
Gotta find these stories again
Alright here we go
We're loading it up
We're loading up the news shoot
Mmm
Tupac's grandmother died
Okay that's
Then that's not good news
Thanks for clarifying case it's obvious
And I just want to say
Sorry
That's
How was that? That's one of the worst statements I've ever heard
After someone's death Rick
What I meant it
Sorry
Stop saying it like that
You want to play this sad music
Um
I don't know where the
Did you turn the button on
I changed all the buttons around so you guys could stop pressing that button
Um
Let me flip it take you on it through history
That's not the music I want to play
I think it's bad
I think it's bad
How old was she though?
Why are you being weird about this? I'm not
I'm asking questions it's a new show
Yeah don't bring up the other people that we've lost
That are
Not as important as Tupac's mom
Cause they're not
Strictly speaking
Real anymore cause they're dead
Or we just don't know where Sammy is
Everybody misses Sammy
Cases of what's it gonna be weird about
Let's just get it in the news
Let's do some news
We've been killing enough time we got segments to get to
I gotta sing a song
Songs to sing
Oops
Is that not the button you meant to press
This place is not in good order today I'll admit that
There's a lot of widgets that are not working correctly
But we'll figure it out together
Alright
As soon as I pull up
All of these stories that close
Randomly and the buttons that are being
Mis-pressed everything's gonna be working great
And then you can get to reading
The news
Rick
Like everybody dreams
Yeah my snap camera was a little bit raptured
Unfortunately
Okay anyway what are we talking about today
Rick
Well
Freedom floating
Illegal freedom floating
That I'm against
We've got a respect international law
An international boat
And I don't I think both are being
Disrespected here and I
It's stuck it's stuck on me Rick
For some reason it's stuck on me but I'll fix it for you
Eh?
I hate the way you run this place
Have I said that before
He's nodding at me that I have said that before anyway
Freedom floatillers
They've been floating around all week
And I guess it's time that we check in
Loves freedom
I thought you loved freedom
I do I do you love the delay type of freedom though
Where you're like groceries or something
I like the real type of freedom which is
Saluting
And this is not a saluting type story this is like a
What are they doing to our poor friends ocean
This rally ocean
The real victim here is the Israeli ocean
And I'm still in service of it don't worry
But we'll check in with the progress
Of this floatilla I guess
Are these the drug dealers Trump keeps blowing up
I like the way you're thinking Sobreche
What to know about the international floatilla
Seeking to break Israel's blockade of Gaza
Just think about how violent that sentence is
Breaking a blockade
Why is there a blockade
Because of the violence
That we have to contain in the blockade
And breaking it's just a real risk
I'm still glad that they're on the way
As far as I know they haven't been
Bombed anymore
But I haven't checked in on the story today so
I guess let's see what the updates are
Are they sneaking in Tylenol
Another great question
Because then that's super illegal
It could make the entire
Gaza population autistic
Isn't that what you want case
Um
Yeah you know what I'm in favor of them getting
Tylenol despite the risks
I'll go on the record with that one
Disgusting
You don't even care about people's health
Spain and Italy
Say they are sending navy ships
To where a floatilla of boats carrying activists
Seeking to break Israel's blockade of Gaza
Is sailing after the activists said they were
Attacked by drones near Greece
A global smooth floatilla
Said Wednesday it was targeted
By drones and communications jamming
With several explosions
Occurring, that was exploded out of my throat there
Occurring on or near
Some of the boats, some of the vessels were damaged
But no injuries were reported
Organizers say the floatilla
Currently includes 52 mostly small vessels carrying activists
From dozens of countries
They are carrying a symbolic amount
Of humanitarian aid, one of my favorite amounts
Mainly food and medicine for Palestinians
In the besieged enclave of Gaza
The 23 month war was led to a humanitarian
Contastrophe in the territory that has
Has led to, that has seen much of it
Reduced to rubble
That's just Reuters saying that though I
I don't know that's a big deal
I don't know if they've
That's inconclusive at this point
That Gaza's been turned to rubble
You're still going with inconclusive
Well they didn't really clarify how much
Can you prove how much of it is?
Based on the pictures
A lot, somewhere between most and a lot
I'm just saying
We're trying to deal with hard facts and figures here
Activists hope their actions will focus attention
On the plight of Palestinians
They say the floatilla is the largest attempt to
Break Israel's maritime blockade of the Gaza Strip
Which has now lasted 18 years
But I like to think it started on October 7th
What?
You just like to think that?
Look I'm allowed to think what I want
And I like to think it started on October 7th
But they're saying 18 years
And you can choose who to believe
I think I'll go with Reuters and just the fact
That it's been going on for 18 years
And now you're thinking
We're both doing some thinking case
Israel says the blockade is needed to prevent Hamas
From importing arms
Well critics consider it collective punishment
I consider that
That's editorializing honestly
They're just saying
The popular opinion on the
Okay, okay Rick fine
Can you just read?
The core vessel set sail from Spain
On September 1st heading east across the Mediterranean
And has been joined by boats from other countries
The flotilla includes larger vessels that are providing
Support and provisions for smaller boats
Participants include high profile activists such as
The thorn in all of our necks
The thorn in all of our sides
Greta Thunberg
She's right so you know
They got more instagram stories
Oh my god I'm being crazy
You're sounding like an actual demon Rick
And honestly I'm in favor of her posting all the
Instagram stories she wants on this
The whole point is to draw attention to things
She is sort of actively putting her life at risk
Oh it's gonna happen to her
She's got a couple drone
Skirmishes
A couple drone skirmishes
Just a couple like little drones fly by
And we're supposed to be worried about her
Yeah I think we can be worried about her and everybody on there
Again we're both just stating really cool opinions here
Organizers say delegates from 46 countries
Had committed to participating with activists including
Military veterans doctors clergy and lawyers
Organizers have reported at least
Three separate incidents of participating boats
Being targeted by drones twice in Tunisia
On September 8th and 9th and once
While selling south of Greece in the early hours of Wednesday
In the latest detective flotilla said
It was targeted during the night by unidentified drones
And communications jamming
There were at least 13 explosions
Heard aboard several flotilla boats
While drones and aircraft dropped unidentified objects
On at least 10 boats
But again like we said there could be Tylenol on there
And that could just be a protective measure
To surgically strike
All of that autism causing Tylenol
You've been pounding some Tylenol lately Rick
No
Cause you don't seem like you have
Cause you're all headache baby
Okay now you're being worse than me
That's true
Gratitude Brigham Rick should start in a buddy cop movie
I would do it
To heal this nation but would she
No I don't think she would do that Rick
And there you have it
One side's always willing to compromise
Oh your side
Well I'm on the side of the United States government
I technically compromise more than anyone
If we elect a democrat I'll be back on that train
I'll be back on that train
Well the democrats are also on the same train
That you're currently on so
Okay
Demanded debate is
Papito evil by the way I miss that
There hasn't been a more polar opposite to
Since Jay Leno and Pat Merida
If we could follow in the steps
Of Jay Leno and Pat Merida then
Greta
I'll find your cell phone
Okay that's not a great way to
Proposition someone Rick
Alright I wonder are there any videos
Flotilla in action I haven't really
Um
Seen that much coverage of it
Because there's so much Trump news
Constantly
Let's see Flotilla
Is there like a live feed of it
News about
Samu Flotilla
An international aid Flotilla
Trying to deliver aid to Gaza
Said on Wednesday it was attacked overnight
By drones and international waters off Greece
It's prompted
To send a navy ship to come to the
Assistance of the 50 civilian boats
Trying to break Israel's naval
Block of Gaza
Maria Cosmiri a volunteer
For march to Gaza Greece
Which is part of the Flotilla says the
Attacks involved stun grenades and
Explosive devices she says they
Exploded over the vessels
They did not injure any of the
Flotilla's volunteers
We cannot confirm
Who operated the drones that carried
Out the attacks
But it is reasonable to assume
They were linked to either Israel
Or its allies
What
The Israeli and activist
Are on board including
Swedish climate campaigner
Greta Thunberg
Spanish lawmaker Juan Bordera
Roma also witnessed the attack
Yesterday were 12 explosions
Some of them
Were not
Only with explosives
Also with
Some kind of liquid that is
Flammable so
It has been
Crazy, crazy nightmare
The Israeli Foreign Ministry said in a statement
It would not allow vessels to enter
An active combat zone but made no
Comment on whether it was responsible
For the drones. Israel has repeatedly
Criticised the Flotilla accusing it
Of complicity with the Hamas militant group
It said it
Quote would take the necessary measures
To stop it unless it accepted
The alternative proposal to drop aid
In an Israeli port
Italy's defence ministers said in a statement
The sea convoy had been targeted
By currently unidentified perpetrators
He expressed the strongest
Condemnation of the incident
This month the Flotilla also reported
Drone attacks on its boats
While moored in a Tunisian port
An aid flotilla
Is aiming to
Well look, I mean
First of all, there's no proof
It's Israel or the United States
You can't even help but smile
A little bit when you say that Rick? I'm not smiling
Hmm?
But second, even if it was
They didn't kill anybody
And that's like we always say
The most moral military on the planet
They're that good, precision strikes
You know they can shoot a tile in a lot of a child's hand
But poor, I just mean
They're that accurate
The boats did not die on that
But they probably just were going for that
It's my point, and we don't know what they were going for
It's a little fire bombing
Surgical fire bombing of a boat
Now we're gonna have to wipe down that seat
You might
You might, because I come in wet
I come in a little wet
Everywhere I go
That's how busy I am
Stay wet
I'm busy
Like the saying goes
Israel could be that accurate if they wanted to
But they don't
I guess
You can be when you're fire bombing a boat
But yes, they could certainly be more accurate
Than I'm sure they're
Going to be
I think they've shown a lot of accuracy
When it comes to bombing
Specific
People very intentionally
Then they claim it's not accuracy
Speaking of
Last bit of
Depressing
Although the flotilla thing isn't entirely depressing
I think it's very nice
That that is happening
I hope
It's hard to think of it ending in a way other than
Them basically being detained
I mean it could have been worse than that
But it feels like even in the
In the best case scenario where they kind of make it
To shore they're basically detained
And all of the aid is confiscated
Though it will be
Interesting if
These countries that are
Sending some boats to kind of
Shadow them
I don't know it's just really difficult to imagine
Like Italy
Violating it'll
Israel's sovereignty all the way up to the shore
And then like forcing
The aid actually into Gaza
So it seems like the most likely end of this is
They get everybody gets detained
And all of the aid gets put in a fucking
Storage locker somewhere
There's a Spanish law
There's a lot of, there's like
Fairly well-known people on board
I mean a bunch of well-known volunteers at this point
Greta Thunberg I think is probably the most famous person
But
They'd be insane to
Kill
Anyone because it'd be
Terrible PR but I also don't know
How much they care about that at this point because I
Feel like the
News is out for most people that
I don't think at this point any amount of PR
Is going to save them
Mmm
What if though
We release another Wonder Woman movie
No that's not going to do it Rick
Oh come on
Everybody wants a third one of those right
They already shifted the whole universe around
No Wonder Woman's basically hot girl
We can bring her back
They might bring her, I'm not trying to say Gell-Gado can't ever be Wonder Woman again
I don't think that's going to solve Israel's PR problems though
See that's how you sound
Israel's bad okay
Yeah I'm fine with sounding like that
Okay
Wonder Woman 1984 is just
Terrible
I mean
I don't mind what
What tone you say it is I do think that's accurate
Okay
In
Slightly
Shifting news
You
You may remember
I don't know if we actually covered this directly on this show
But there was
A
Bombing on a hospital which has become all too routine
That Israel denied in various terms
But apparently some evidence has come out that
Slightly contradicts some of their denials
You're going to make me read this
That's so unfair case
You're being
Unreasonable
New picture just erupts
What the hell
There we go
What
Okay
The unofficial Palestinian death
Is said to be near 600,000
But that's unofficial
I don't know how
I don't know how it could be
As low as
Vote now
Why does that keep happening every once in a while
What
This is from the RPG
I don't know why it happens sometimes
But it does
I'm going to have to figure that out at some point
Get ready to level up everybody
We're leveling up our news game today
I do feel stronger
My madness recedes
How come Kendall and September are still an option
They're just kind of perpetual options
You can't actually vote for four or five
Because this poll is like
Restricts those
Anyway, we're less crazy somehow
Seeds because I'm talking
And that's the level up noise
So somebody somewhere just leveled up
Okay
Visual evidence upends Israel's official story
Of deadly attack on Gaza hospital
A Reuters analysis of visual evidence
And other information about the Israeli attack
On a Gaza hospital last month contradicts Israel's
Explanation of what happened in the deadly strike
The August 25th attack
On a Nasir hospital killed 22
Including five journalists
Israel forces plan the attack using drone footage
Which a military official said
Showed a Hamas camera that was a target of a strike
But the visual evidence and the reporting
By Reuters establishes that the camera
And the footage actually belonged to the news agency
And had long been used by one of its own journalists
The Israeli military official now says
That the troops acted without the required approval
Of the senior regional commander in charge
Of operations in Gaza
The official told Reuters about the breach
Of command after Reuters presented
The findings of its investigation
To the Israeli defense force
A day after Israel's tanks
Sheld Nasir hospital
The official said the IDF's initial review
Found that the troops targeted a Hamas camera
Because it was filming them from the hospital
The official said troops viewed the camera
With suspicion because it was covered by a towel
A decision was made to destroy it
The official said then
And then they just destroyed a little
Lot of it
Sometimes you destroy a camera, you destroy
Big chunks of the building
In 25 human lives
As possible Israel came up with the strategy
Of destroying all hospitals
After watching me play SimCity
You ready to take responsibility case?
Throwing around accountability all the time
But you blew up every hospital, didn't you?
That was munch
So I take no responsibility
Camera more important than lives
That is what their official story would suggest
Sorry
I'm getting so many weird...
I gotta turn off some of this stuff from the RPG stream
That's the hospital where they directly bombed the press tent
And killed those journalists too
I remember reading about it
I think this is also the one where they
Bombed it again after the...
I might not be right about this
But around the same time a month ago
There was footage of them
Bombing rescue workers
That had come into...
Try to check for people in the rubble
They like double tapped it
Which is pretty common for them to do that
Not that that's good
Or is an excuse
I'm not sure if this is the same bombing incident
Because there's just been too many to keep up with
But our poll right now is
How can we chat add to the chaos?
Add our cream
The perpetual option of genital slit
Build hospitals in Gaza September
And kill each other
I'm in favor of the chaos of number three
I'm gonna say that's a really chaotic option
Though I don't know if this poll is gonna get us there
Just rely on this poll to build more hospitals
Case the screenshot from the IDF drone footage
Shows the camera draped with a two toned cloth
On the hospital stairwell
The military confirmed to Reuters last week
That the cloth covered camera was the target
And our chat
Said kill each other
So...
I'm the bad guy here
Well our chat is just using their God
Given right to
Quote that trailer that we watched
You gotta try out the power occasionally
And see if you have it
So far none of us do
Kill each other Rick
It's not gonna work on me I got a defense
Steel trap up here
Argo man
Yeah I gotta remember that
I also need to watch that
No cameras allowed
Yeah
Guys don't do it
Don't do it
It might have already worked
No
Even that disembodied Krum is getting on it
Okay it was a prayer rug on the camera
It turns out
Whoops got the city of
Conunus um
Wait sorry
At least 35 times since May
Masi had positioned his camera on the same stairwell
Okay he often covered his camera with a green
And white prayer rug to protect from heat
The photo on the left shows Reuters journalist Masi
But
I'm able to show you because this story
Is somehow
Price locked
Outside of our text version of it
So I can't show you any pictures
But just know that there's a picture
The Reuters investigation proves the most complete account to date
Of how the attack unfolded including the Israeli forces
Breached the chain of command
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Is called the hospital attack a big whoopsie daisy
A.K.a a tragic mishap
The military official told Reuters that Mossri and other journalists present were not the
target of the attack.
Despite the new disclosures a month after the attack, the IDF has yet to fully explain how
it ended up hitting the Reuters camera and killing Mossri.
Israel Military also has not explained why it did not warn hospital staff or Reuters
that it intended to strike the hospital, why after striking the camera in its initial
attack, the IDL shelled the stairwell again 9 minutes later, killing other journalists
and emergency responders.
Oh, it was that one.
Or just one of the many times they've done that.
But that's just standard military procedure.
You gotta...
I mean, we love double tap when it was the name of that zombie movie.
Did we?
Those are very different contexts, Rick.
Just saying.
Words aren't words.
Whether it took into account that the hospital stairwell where Mossri was filming
when he was killed was a spot used regularly by many journalists to record footage
and file reports throughout the war.
Who approved the strike?
The military official did not say who gave the order to attack despite the
lack of approval from the regional commander.
But they did say oops.
That's basically an apology.
So what do you want from them?
For them to stop bombing.
For them to just stop.
You have to be a little more specific than that.
Stop killing people?
Hmm.
Maybe the SS should have argued whoopsy daisy at Nuremberg.
They kind of did.
It did work for some of them too.
Just saying, you know.
Oops.
Oops, I wasn't in charge.
Oops, I did it again.
Yeah.
300 felony counts of my bad.
That's going to be more than that.
If we're not going, if the whoopsy defense doesn't work, there could be more than 300.
But I am very confident that they'll never have to mount any defense at all.
Well, history's got along.
History stretches out ahead of us and behind us.
Just behind us, you dumbass.
Yeah, but once we're 100 years from now, then it's behind us.
And who knows what will have happened by then.
It's only treason if they lose.
Yeah, or if there's fracturing between United States and Israeli relationships.
We'll see if that happens.
I mean, it's insane.
You know, a story like this is definitely worth reporting because their official terrible narrative should be contradicted whenever you can.
A montana fax to contradict it.
I'm glad that Reuters is running stories like this.
They have bombed so many hospitals at this point and have done exactly this so many times just bombing non-military targets and then saying, oops, or they were military or whatever.
That it is tough to imagine even them being caught red handed, just bombing journalists because they can.
It's hard to imagine that changing their course of action at this point.
I don't know.
There's definitely more pressure than there was a year ago on them to do something.
I'm hoping it has some effect to all of the mounting pressure.
But so far it's not having as much of an effect as anyone on the side of the slaughter ending would like to see.
Just like JD Vance said, Brendan Carr was just joking with the FCC-sciencing people.
Well, as we famously, famously, very famously read on this particular stream probably over a year and a half ago, JD Vance is a troll.
He was a self-described troll, so a lot of the times, guys, he's just kidding.
He's doing a classic troll.
He's a very classic, one of the most presidential trolls of all time.
And I'm excited for potential future president troll, JD Vance.
It's going to be a troll on us so hard.
This is your most famous stream. Thank you very much.
Yeah, I mean, again, I'm glad to see services like Reuters doing some actual investigative reporting on this for a long time.
Even major outlets like the AP and Reuters were covering the situation in Israel and Gaza in a way that I found a little disappointing.
So that shifting, I think, is a, and it has been shifting, is a positive step.
But God, it just feels so, just feels so bad at this point being like, there's movement.
There's potential movement in a positive direction via pressure when just every day more of these atrocities keep happening.
Reuters does have a paywall now.
I can get by it by using my just read widget, but yeah, I can't look at a lot of the stories directly.
Is the link to that article in the Discord?
I don't believe so, but I can put it in there myself in case anyone is curious.
It is a longer article. As usual, I fail to read the whole thing basically every time.
But those are the broad strokes of it there.
They did some further prying into the situation and Israel's story fell apart very quickly as it tends to when it comes to hospital bombings, which they've now done many of.
You're saying many, but many could be two, it could be 20.
It's a big word, you know, there's a lot of range there.
It's a lot. I'm just gonna say it's a lot. I don't know how many, but it's been there certainly isn't the only story like this.
It should have had penis news included if they wanted us to read the whole thing.
That's true. Then we we burned through the whole story.
I read as much as you need to know guys. Okay.
Filling you up with cases of propaganda dump for the day.
We literally are just reading a news article from Reuters.
Propaganda never sleeps on this network and I understand that.
It's one of the reasons I kind of like it here, but that's all the time we have for now because you don't need to keep thinking about this all the time.
They have something in common with the Joker.
At least he evacuated.
The ding joker still has cultural footprint is still all over this planet.
That's why when I saw the Dark Knight I said we need to arrest Nolan, but I was counter-addicted because people wanted to see the Bane one.
You tried to arrest Christopher Nolan? Yeah, for making the Dark Knight.
It's like a police state fantasy. How is that something that you disagree with?
Because the ding joker is too cool in it. Blowing stuff up, cackling. It's a bad example for our country.
Okay Rick, that's all the time we have for you today.
What? No, I'm the one who's going to say bye. No, let me say bye.
Oh, but the intro's working. It's not because Crumb's back for the record.
It's because I scared Papito into doing the right thing and hitting the button in a more timely manner.
Toothhead, thank you so much. Sorry, Toothhead.
What the fuck?
Crumb, can you- where are you?
Hmm? Yes? What?
I was right here. Have you gained chameleon powers? I haven't disappeared on occasion lately.
I occasionally speak in a language I don't understand.
I have strength that is not human and I've been vanishing into nothingness on occasion.
But I'm still confident that I never died and I wasn't in hell.
For anyone just joining us, Crumb died and he went to hell and I had to go down there and pull his stupid ass back out.
You got hell powers now. They're going to fade for the record. You should enjoy them while you can.
They don't feel like they're fading. They feel like they're growing in intensity.
But I honestly think I just- I've been having creatine lately. I hear it's good for brain health.
So I think it's probably that. What are we even debating today?
God, so much work to clear my name and my reward is just looking at your non-zombie face again.
I miss Husk Crumb. I knew I would and I already do.
What's Husk Crumb? What are you talking about?
You was a cool guy with the voice of a raccoon and a president and occasionally Bart.
And you just got the voice of one fucking loser.
I fucked a- How did that even work? How would I fuck a train?
I don't know. You found a way and also the train claims doesn't have sex. I don't get it.
All I know is you were definitely doing all sorts of weird sex stuff down there. You admitted it.
You could watch back the footage. I don't believe in your doctored- look, a lot of stuff's AI now.
And that means you can't trust anything you see ever or you can't trust losing a couple munch.
The munch I lost could have been extracted by the algorithm.
Maybe chat GPT entered my brain and deleted my memories.
That's not how that shit works. It's a- it's a chat- a chat- a text-based system.
It's just- it's getting more advanced every day. So how do we know? All I know is I definitely didn't die.
That'd be crazy.
It's too much hellcrumb still in you. What wants out?
Stop protecting your mind.
I- um, I just have a cough. I have a cough currently.
Okay, look, our debate for the day is, is Papito evil?
Hmm, yes, but I respect him for it. No, he's a little guy.
Although he does eat a lot and I do think he would kill me if he had the chance.
But that's more of a dog thing.
I think he's good in the way that animals are good.
And I think he's doing his best.
There he is.
Papito, are you evil? Papito? Are you evil?
Listen up, Jack. You an answer.
Skimmer just mime a jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes.
While you were dead, you stole my voice for a while.
Not cool jerk.
I'm issuing an anti-pardon for your rest.
Mr. President, I would never do that intentionally.
Um, I think we've all been a victim here of a misinformation campaign
by our political enemies.
As you know, they, they know there's no bounds to the depravity
and lack of moral standard that they will apply to any situation.
And I am talking about humans.
Good.
You know what I did?
You know my lack of morality and my biggest moral lapse,
bringing you back to fucking life.
Jesus, you're lucky that I have an incredibly flexible moral fiber
that can bend but never break.
Otherwise I would have left you in hell where you had literally been judged
apparently by the fucking God Almighty.
Ridiculous.
What are you saying?
Kill each other?
I miss having a thing that could talk that wasn't you.
It's just you now.
Can we get freaking gizbo or gizbo or whatever back in here?
That sounds so, there's no one named that.
All of you are wrong.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to be that guy.
But everyone else is beating the problem.
Everybody else.
Gizbo is very, he's maintenance.
You are denying the existence of maintenance people.
You know what?
I'm taking the side that Papito's good.
What?
No, I'm the one who articulated that.
Fuck you.
If you're not going to believe Gizbo's real,
you don't deserve to think that Papito's good.
Which he is.
I like that he's evil.
He is evil but I'm going to say that's good.
And I'm taking that one.
Oh well, he does murder.
I've seen him murder.
It's just a lot of animals.
It's not murder when you're doing it to an animal
and you're an animal.
It's just being an animal.
Yeah, but I mean the way he does it,
it feels premeditated.
Of course they plant, no, I mean like a way a human would.
He's good by definition.
Well look, if there's a mod that can make that debate.
Papito, I'm going to apply human standards to you
because you can speak actually.
And I am going to say,
Papito I'm sorry.
I'm really legitimate.
Papito I'm legitimately sorry.
But you kill a lot of things.
You don't respect anyone's boundaries.
You create literal toxic waste hazards
all over the studio.
You do seem to have cosmic powers
that I can't explain.
Though I don't believe I was in hell.
I think you're the limit of how weird this place is actually.
And despite the fact that you can talk,
you've never taken responsibility
for your higher brain functions.
In fact, you deny them regularly.
And I think on the whole,
it's evil to be given tremendous power
and endless second chances.
There's nothing more evil
than taking a second chance
and just absolutely squandering it.
And you've done that several times, Papito.
And I think that's one of the worst things
a person can do to just go through something crazy
like learning how to talk
and learn nothing at all from it
and be exactly the same.
Shame.
I think that's evil.
I don't need to say anything.
Jesus!
You could have made it sound cool
and said you ruined it.
I can't tell which side of mine
because it's awesome that he's evil.
He's a little monster that eats everything
and makes a huge mess.
That's the goddamn American dream.
And I'm gonna say that makes him good.
He's one of the most American creatures
I've ever encountered.
Because he talks all the time.
He doesn't know what the fuck he's saying.
He never apologizes.
And in fact, he claims that he doesn't know
how to talk while telling you that himself.
That's the coolest shit I've ever seen.
I wish I could do that,
but I'm expected to know how to talk
and understand logic and reasoning
because I'm a human.
But if I could be a pure id
that had no responsibility,
that could just say fucking anything,
that would be amazing!
And he's achieved that,
making him the ultimate evil,
but both good being.
It's good how bad he is.
He's a fucking Michael Jackson song
minus the pedophile stuff.
He's bad.
I don't even know.
Tired.
I don't know which side I was defending,
but I think I deserve to win.
Nope.
Uh, actually,
that's gonna be a big...
Wait, where's my shaw?
Oh, there it is.
Oh, there it is.
I found it.
No, this is all going in the song.
Whoo!
There it is.
Um, boy!
Oh, dude.
Love it, buddy.
It's back, everybody!
Hey!
Ah!
You're a crumb believer.
She wasn't there.
In this world of disinformation,
it couldn't be backcrumb
unless you're understanding
the challenge, the status quo,
that you died
and exposed the lies there.
Well, no, what I'm saying is like,
well, untightly,
prepare for...
I didn't win the last one.
That's fine.
That's my creed.
So you haven't heard about it today.
You've been in your questions,
but back since the very beginning,
don't worry.
I'll heed my shawng's back in rotation.
Your twits and the things
that I'll just give you away,
the things you say.
I'm not a crumb believer.
Nope.
The things you say.
The twist and the tales just...
My ass!
The things you say.
Your crumb believer.
Can you stop?
What?
What is so far from merit?
I'm showing you a form.
I'm not even close.
That's the thing I do.
Is get it wrong.
I mean, I've never gotten it wrong.
I don't even have to shut up on you.
Did I win?
I don't have it.
I'm a weird person.
What was even the pull?
Is this the bridge?
Can you stop?
How was it phrased?
I'm a crumb believable.
Oh!
I won.
I gotta check this.
Now I gotta check this.
I'm believable.
Oh!
Your crumb believable.
Oh!
I think I won.
What is the question?
Hey, you there?
It's your crumb believable.
One took the position that Pepito was evil.
You're crumb believable.
You made it really good.
You changed it last minute.
You do that show often.
I think you want this confusion so you can always claim that you won.
No?
This is the bridge.
You're sounding ridiculous.
Throwing out accusations like that?
Slanderous accusations?
That's the kind of thing a loser does.
Can you?
You're not staring at me now.
Who stole all the points illegally.
I'm gonna talk over you.
This is all going in.
I won.
You can't prove that.
Oh my God, we could pull up the VOD.
We could pull up the VOD.
If you're going to be like this.
How can you edit something for me?
We can watch ourselves.
That's the kind of thing a loser does.
You're literally playing on a delay right now.
You see what I did at the end there?
We were on you.
I think I nailed that.
Where is the debate?
Where is the end of it?
I'm finding this for us right now.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not doing this.
I've had enough going on in my life to explain to everybody why I'm staying in a hotel right
now because there's no room at my own house because my wife is living with her French
tutor because I've been not paying attention to her supposedly for two months.
And so I'm the bad guy.
But she's with it.
But honestly, he's just there to help with groceries and stuff.
So it's fine.
But it's ridiculous.
He's finding a new place, but it's taking too long.
I don't know what day it is to look.
Let's just find out.
Let's just look.
And she was me.
I'm the one who I'm the one who won.
This is the most beautiful frame I've ever seen.
We should watch the stream like this all the time.
Look how much me there is on here.
It's not murder when you're doing it to an animal and you're an animal.
It's just being an animal.
Okay, lad.
What?
I'm just talking about it.
No, this is.
I don't know which side I was defending.
Is Papito evil?
Hell yeah.
Okay.
So I won.
No.
No.
You switched at the last minute.
But then I kind of defended both sides.
So in a sense, I won either way.
You just checked it.
When are we going to play Beyblade?
I'm setting this up right now.
You have this song ready to go?
Why don't you play it more often, you fool?
Because I'm not usually interacting with the Beyblade aspect of the stream.
We're setting up a new stream goal.
It's been too long.
And I'm going to take it on to myself to get my points back through the power of Blades.
Beyblades.
Invalid authorization token.
Oh no.
Am I locked out of updating my own stream setup?
Please.
Please let me in.
Stop it.
Stop having fun.
It's not allowed.
You're supposed to be fixing the sub goal.
I am.
I am doing that.
Okay.
We won't give in.
We won't give up.
No, we won't give in.
No.
Oh, oh, oh.
Beyblade.
Point burst.
That's the name I'm going with.
I think it's a pretty good name.
Point burst.
You know, like alliteration or rhymes there.
What kind of title is that?
What points are going to burst back onto me?
35 subs.
You didn't even update the sub total.
Not 35 will give us enough time to get the Beyblades.
And I'm going to get a blue one this time.
I'm going to get a...
We had that last time.
Did you lose the Beyblade?
No, case lost during the move.
I gave him the Beyblades to protect.
He did not take that responsibility seriously.
I'm sad because I consured my Bey a friend.
And now I must find a new blade.
You don't deserve this song.
That's all the time we have.
The button immediately.
Good to see everybody.
We're back.
Back at it guys in the town hall.
That's right.
Our proprietary town hall situation here.
You can send us a...
Thought? A question? A comment?
By typing...
Exclamation point TH.
Right there.
Yeah, my hair is always doing this.
That's the power of the news.
It slowly moves your hair over.
With these stories it just blow you away.
You can send us a...
Oh my god, why is it so loud?
There we go.
You can send us a...
Comment, a question or just whatever with Exclamation point TH.
Let us know what you're thinking about.
Today we have two people that will be answering your questions, comments or whatever.
By special request joining us from...
I don't even know where or what he does now.
I haven't kept up.
But it's Mancini's move.
That's right, Kay.
It's me, Mancini's move.
Ready to keep it?
Extremely smooth.
I'm wearing my best tuxedo with a blazer under it.
Slash over it.
Something only I know how to do.
Great to be here, everybody.
Fantastic, thanks for being here, Mancini.
Also joining us for some reason.
I know I feel about it, but it's Rob Elby.
To you, lucky everyone.
That I...
Even let you.
That I even let you.
Okay, we're all here.
Let us do what, though?
What are you talking about, Rob?
That I let you be...
In it.
It's mine.
This is all mine.
Okay, well, look, let's get right into it.
We got...
I don't actually know how many questions to get through.
But at least a couple.
So let's see who's out here.
Yes, you there in the audience.
You look lovely.
What do you have for us today?
Tarriffs affected your theme park visits.
For both of you.
Excellent question, man.
And I love your scarf.
For me, not at all.
I'm actually a man of wealth and taste.
And I consider theme parks sort of like...
Disgusting circus food, but in park form.
Not to put too fine of a point on it.
But that's slop for normals.
I'm Mancini Smooth.
I've been going more than ever.
The parks can barely contain the level of energy that I bring to them.
I will not be stopped by a tariff, or a tornado, or an act of God, from riding coasters.
And to anyone who thinks they're better than coasters, I would say maybe keep an eye out for those acts of God that I just referenced.
Does that answer your question, myth?
And also I do really like your scarf. Let's keep it moving.
How much genital slit is too much genital slit?
That's a really good question, Fox creature.
I like a good long one. A good wide one.
I like a kind of a sarlacky one. A good old tentacle pit.
I like them in all shapes, sizes, and messes.
So for me, the only issue would be if it interfered with the rest of the body.
If it went, say, past the belly button, well now I'd be worried about their intestinal fortitude.
So that would be a problem for me.
But other than that, keep it as big and smooth as you want, I always say.
I think anyone is too big. I wish we didn't have genitals.
I think it'd be cool if we had, like, laser beams.
And...
And demolition man sex.
So I'd say the big enough for me to notice is maybe too big already.
Keep it together, hide it, and get it away from me.
Now get out of here.
What is Gizbo and the hang in their poster?
Case, do you know what he's talking about?
I think it's in the wall somewhere.
And by that I mean it's in hell.
Gizbo, I'm not sure, but the hang in poster is in hell, I think.
If I had to guess.
But also I'm just the host.
And we all did that at the same time.
On the count of three, everybody throw up the peace sign.
One, two, you were a little late there, Rob.
I think I was right on time.
Give it up for all of us doing that little trick, and let's see who else is out here today.
What?
I think he has to are you making in Sonic cross worlds racing?
If I have that right.
And my answer is, if I could, I'd make an Amy the size of a elephant that I could ride into battle.
But I don't believe it's that customizable, and that's why I will not be playing.
Sonic?
Is he in the game?
I'm assuming.
Or a racer?
Again, I'm a man of willyth and taste.
Some of this peasant slop that you're serving me today, just I don't have an answer for.
Maybe you don't call it that, sort of rude to this little guy asking his question.
I don't mean to be rude, but I'm a busy man, and you're wasting my time.
That's pretty rude, man, Cini.
I'm just being honest.
Look, find better hobbies.
What's wrong with Sonic racing cross worlds?
I don't know, I do things like, um, I saw Wicked, you think?
Wait a minute, you think the height of culture is seeing, I saw it on Broadway.
You think seeing a Broadway show makes you a man of wealth and taste.
Alright, well thank you for your question, little creature.
Sorry that Mancini is being real rude.
Yes, very much so.
Swarov men as soon as she squirted one out.
I think she made the right choice, because I was a real handful.
No, because y'all didn't think you mean it like that, because you're saying like,
I think that's rude.
But she does have a lot of lady friends, and she is single.
She does live with one of them.
So people say that.
But I think Margaret is just a really good friend.
I think both our moms are gay, I think that's fine.
I didn't say anything like that.
She's not, it's my, look, you don't know my life.
Next question, ridiculous.
Thoughts on El Ornand, the turf you be in, on the empty lanes.
Oh.
Hmm, if you're rich enough you're on there.
Are you saying you're on there?
I'm not on there, I wasn't rich at the time.
But if I was, I could be on there.
So look, it's not their fault that they're a victim of their own success in this case, is my opinion.
I saw them at the Wicked show that I went to.
You saw them at the specific Broadway showing of Wicked that you went to.
When did you even go to this?
At the height of it.
It was like a deck, more than a decade ago.
Yeah, I've been a big deal for a while.
But not your not, but just before the Epstein, just after the Epstein stuff.
So I'm not on there, but then being on there, look,
they're just, they're just rich.
It's not their fault.
I think, I think if everybody gets focused a little more on coasters,
then we could move past this terrible national whoopsie.
Everybody's, at a certain point, you've got to say, oh no.
There's nothing we can do.
Let's just ride a coaster.
And I think we're at that point.
So next question, please.
Why isn't whole grain bread just one giant grain?
I thought it was whole grain.
What are you going to do about this?
Before we get to that, first time chatter says I had a very sensual Heinz catch-up ad
when I entered this stream.
And that was intentional.
I made a deal with Twitch to only show the sexiest Heinz ads.
Sorry, what was your question in case it's just ruining my train of thought?
Why are, why is a, you thought it was a whole grain, just one grain?
I would love to see grains get bigger to the point where you could just, a grain is a bread.
So I really see where you're coming from.
I do consider that to be false advertising.
And I think, look, I believe in the power of, don't say it, the human achievement.
And I think we can make grains bigger.
I don't have to suffer with this anymore.
I don't even know what the fuck you're talking about.
The only bread I eat is the hot dog bread that they put around them, the custom sausages
at the various theme parks that I would rather be at right now, which you're not allowed at.
Because you don't respect bread.
So get the fuck out of here would be my thought.
And good luck being a failure.
When we get that crack head yoga beer, some rehab, I feel he still has a lot to contribute to society.
Who are you talking about there, young man?
A crack head yogi?
I know the crack head yogi better.
And it's incredibly beautiful that she's asked because he's suffering.
And he guards the entrance to the park sometimes.
And it's really inconvenient because I go there to harass a guy.
And if anyone doesn't know who he's talking about, there's a yogi bear that's addicted to crack.
And I've always said bears shouldn't do crack.
And I think together forever, we can stop bears from doing crack.
That's why I'm running.
So I'll be running.
Running for what?
I'm running.
You've got my vote.
From what?
It's a beautiful speech.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for your kind words.
You are a beautiful man.
You're beautiful.
But leave.
This town smells bad.
Can we clean up the pool river?
No, no, not an option.
Yeah, that's just not going to.
We're not going to be able to do that.
Next question, please.
I think they're incredibly unfair.
I'm in support of terrorists broadly just to cut.
I got to cut a edit here.
I don't really understand the question.
So that's fine.
Well, look, I got some thoughts because I get it.
I get that there's a hot commodity and they're coming from China or.
Or one of those countries that my dad said I can never go to, but.
You need both unique cakes both to make the piss smell good and to clean out your mouth.
And now I've got a dirty mouth and smelly piss.
Are you eating urinal cakes?
That's the point of them.
They're both urinal and cake.
It's a multi vitamin.
I say tariff and more because we can't trust modern Americans with piss cakes anymore.
And I think Rob is unfortunately proof of that and you've lost my vote, but I'm running.
Sorry, run harder.
Miss, you had a beautiful question and you're a beautiful lady.
Thank you so much.
What is the town doing about the man hiding in bushes?
I think they're encouraging him and we gave him a medal.
We did and it was me and thank you for the medal.
I actually really appreciated it and I'm wearing it while wearing it under my underwear.
Grape's even really.
No, I'm surprised that I agree with him, but no.
Nope.
They're only gummies.
I agree.
Grapes are only a gummy bear flavor.
I've never seen a real one and I never will because they're fake.
But they are a good gummy.
They're a great gummy flavor.
If only they were a real, they were like a real fruit.
I eat them all the time, but it's not an option.
We're in agreement, but you are still my enemy.
I am. I don't even know you.
I will defeat you.
But for now a truth.
I didn't know we were fighting.
We are.
Thank you for your question.
Next question, please.
What is the best roller coaster?
The roller coaster of love.
Again, I'm a huge deal that has no time for theme parks.
I'm a big adult boy who goes to see...
I saw the...
I saw a guy play violin in a big fancy building recently.
And he played it fast, faster than any adult should be able to.
Too many notes.
More than your ears could handle.
Like an adult I did this.
I have no answers for you.
Elevator style, my man.
I think objectively he looks...
This guy looks cool as fuck.
I don't say that easily.
And that's one of the best questions I've ever heard.
And this is why we don't get along, Mancini.
I don't know you.
This is why we're enemies, just so you know, extremely cool guy.
The best roller coaster is Velocicoster.
And thank you for playing.
We erect a statue of our favorite president, Follocking,
with his best friend in front of City Hall.
I heard there is a good deal on a used one.
Hmm.
My favorite president is Taft.
And I think his best friend was Polio.
So it'll be conceptually difficult to...
To sculpt that, but I am in favor of it.
I personally like...
Shoot, what was his name?
Frank Sinatra?
And he had several best friends.
And so that's my president.
And if you can get the whole mouse pack together
and the whole Mickey Mouse Club,
then I think that could restore faith in this country.
So yes.
Remember the vampire producer?
That guy was cool.
Looks like we have some people back.
Some repeat questions.
Well, some repeat askers.
That's fine, Case.
I'm the beautiful lady.
And, um...
Don't get concerned just because I look
like a creature of the night.
I don't bite.
Unless my teeth fall out and shatter on the floor,
I wear advanced dentures.
You'd never be able to tell.
But they have an incredible tensile strength to them
and can bite through a person easily.
So if my dentures fall out, Miss,
for the love of God don't pick them up,
you will lose a finger.
But other than that, I don't bite.
What?
I don't. I don't.
I simply don't.
Oh, yep, she's leaving.
If you could only pee or poo for the rest of your life,
which one would you choose?
Could I get all the piss out of me
through my butt still?
Like, or if I was pooping,
would I be pooping out of my penis?
Is peeing the act of pissing through your cock?
Or is shitting simply the act of expelling from your butt hole?
These are questions philosophers have asked for years.
It's a more complicated question than you think.
100% piss.
Big pisses.
If I didn't have to stink out crappy poops,
you think I wouldn't take that instantly?
If I could just be a man that sprays crazy liquid?
Stinky-ol-o-sauce?
I would take that in a heartbeat.
Because I am tired of how much I have to poop.
Constant.
Every couple minutes I've got to do it.
I want to do it now!
But if I could just be pissing myself in a big, full diaper?
That'd be beautiful.
And that's the- and that's why I'm running.
We can do a couple more. There's just a couple more, okay?
Let's finish it off.
You guys have answered a lot of questions.
I'm still ready to go.
I just have to make a whole song.
Hit the button, Case. Keep it rolling.
Mancini looks like he fucks.
Rob, not so much. Sorry.
Can Mancini teach Rob how to get a date?
I sure can.
Here's the trick. I don't- I didn't ask.
Well, that's your first quest. That's your first problem.
You've got to ask questions.
How thick are your socks, miss?
They look incredibly dainty.
And that means you're a woman of wealth and style.
Also, that's first step. Ask them a question about something on them or how they look.
Feels okay. Alright.
Then, you're going to want to sort of demonstrate that you've already eaten dinner.
What? But you're sti- you like them so much you want to get dinner again.
I already had a big, full meal at a Japanese steakhouse.
But I would love to eat some Mexican, um, Indian fusion burritos with you
at a new place called Ceretal.
This thing, okay.
And then last but not least, you're going to want to let them know that you very rarely have sex.
Not because you can't, but because when you do, it's so powerful and beautiful.
Miss? Just so you know.
I'm unlikely to make love to you, even if we spend a lot of time together.
But if I do, like an Orca Whale, landing on top of an SUV, the impact will change you forever.
I have had sex before. That's not possible. I've done it.
I have a wife. No, you don't. I mean, I do.
So thanks for your question. That's a good question. But I have.
Yes. Can I help you?
Can you fix the pothole on 4th Street next to the cheapo-lay?
My dog fell in it and then I fell and tried to help the dog.
Are you doing an impression of Rob?
What's his name? What?
Is he doing an impression of what's his, of Chet Hanks?
Are you doing a Chet Hanks impression?
I think that's just his voice.
Look, I think your dog is dead.
Oh, that's a huge assumption. I mean, anytime a dog slips, I think they die.
What? Sorry. Look, I just thought, I feel like we got to be honest here.
Your dog 100% died.
But just slipped in a pothole. There's no way a dog can survive that.
They have incredibly thin bones. I don't think that's right.
You don't know dog. Do you have a dog?
No. I have a very incredibly expensive rare bird. What type of rare bird?
It's like a mix between Iago from Aladdin and the weird bird from Up.
Anyway, best of luck, I refuse to help animals. It's a waste of time.
I don't believe they have souls. I'm sort of like an 18th century doctor in that regard.
So you're on your own.
I don't think you can do that voice. Well, maybe that's their voice.
Can you prove that it's not? I'll just say yes.
Why do the stars in the sky follow me when I look up at them?
That's a really great question. I've never been able to figure out myself.
I can tell they're watching me and I would like them to stop.
And I've asked and they do not listen.
But maybe you and I together, by bringing light to this problem,
can expose the stars for what they are, which is creeps.
Get out of my face. They're very high up.
They're not as high up as you think. And that's been proven.
This guy gets it. And you just don't. I'm sorry that you just don't.
You could be as co-ordinated with the hand gestures. It's incredible.
Thank you so much. I can do it again. I'll do it this time.
On the count of three, let's all say
I love to piss.
I'd prefer not. One, two, three.
I love to piss. You all did the hand movement pretty well.
Which I didn't even call for us to do. I don't want to say I love to piss.
Come on. Let's try it one more time. One, two, three.
I love to piss. It was just me again. Don't cut to me when we do that.
I'm glad we got the rest of it, right? We had to practice that beforehand.
Sir, I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Peelynookay after being asked so many stupid questions.
That's a really good question. And no, I'm mad. I'm upset at everyone here.
And especially you. I'm talking to the viewers. And I'm throwing you right...
There was a bus out there where you were under it. But there's just a stupid room full of idiots.
I think the questions have been incredible. And I'm glad that I can share my elevated taste with all of you.
You're a lovely woman, but I'm not interested. I only proposition one woman a day.
And I thought I should clarify that. Because you're giving me a certain eye.
And I've been told I've never been wrong.
Thank you for your question. Incredibly beautiful lady.
Oh, a good question? I agree. That is fundamentally probably the best question anyone can ask.
So thank you.
Instead of SimCitySnez next time, can we play Dwarf Fortress?
Yes. It's a superior game.
It's better.
What's Dwarf Fortress? It's the better game.
You're not building a city, you're building a fortress. Which is the fundamentally superior structure.
You think a fortress is better than a whole goddamn city?
Yep.
And I can tell this person agrees with me. Thank you for the beautiful question. You're an incredible woman.
Ron, did you ride the roller coaster on Axtene Island as the premier coaster guy? Or were you banned?
Wait, who? I'm the... Wait, what? I'm the premier? I made it to the top of the list?
I don't think that's quite what...
It's a huge honor. I'll just say that. It's a huge honor. Thank you so much.
Yes, we can. I agree. Wait, no, I don't. I hate skating. They tricked me with their song.
Don't do that to me. Your siren song almost made me like skating.
Oh, Kendall. Oh, shoot. Case missed a call from Kendall. I have his cell phone hacked, so...
He did.
What? Well, that's all the time we have. I gotta call Kendall.
What? But there's more. Nope. You guys have had enough. You've been over-served.
That's all the time we have.
Aw, man.
But I was excited to answer questions like, um... I don't know. I don't actually know.
Oh, we did them all. That was the last one. Perfect timing on my part.
All right. Well, look, I have to go, um...
I have to go do a really fancy thing. I booked a plane ticket.
You think that's fancy? A whole plane ticket. Really a big time, boy. Stuff.
So I gotta go get luggage in order and stuff. Like, an adult.
So I gotta go. Thanks for being smooth, everybody. See you soon.
I don't have anywhere to be. I'm staying. Rob, I'd really prefer if you left.
Nope. And you can't make me.
No!
I'm out the long. I knew he would say that. That's how well I know Rob, unfortunately.
Okay, thanks, everybody. It's time to call Kendall and then write a song.
Let me back in just a second.
Hello? But I'm streaming. Yeah, what time is the thing we have to go to?
Oh, we gotta go immediately. Okay, well, I can end the stream then.
Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, wait, I'm gonna put you on speakerphone, though.
Now everyone can hear.
I have to decide if we want to eat shitty expensive food at the thing we have to go to
or if we should get better food before. And I think we should probably get better food before.
Okay.
So that means I do, unfortunately, have to probably end the stream.
I'm gonna be home in 30 minutes.
30 minutes. That'll give me just enough time to clean my disgusting body.
You know?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
You would have known all of this five minutes sooner if you just picked up your phone instead of sending me to voicemail.
I didn't even... My phone was turned upside down.
No, get him, Chad. Get him! Get him! He sent me to voicemail!
I just rang. It's on silent.
Twice! Twice! It rang twice and I called him twice!
Hmm.
Well, look, I gotta wash my hair. It's looking really... It's looking bad.
Get him.
They're saying I'm canceled. You did it.
Attack! Attack!
It's over for me.
They said I'm rude.
Everyone's on your side and they hate me.
Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna wrap this stream up then.
Okay.
Okay, I'll see you soon.
Bye-ee.
Shoot, we didn't get to send it even to...
We didn't even get to the DJ thing. We'll have to do it. We'll have to do it not on a Friday.
That feels so fucked up of me.
You failed. You failed.
I said you failed at the same time. How dare you?
Well, I'm not going anywhere. I'll do it. No!
I have the trap doors here.
Special Saturday stream.
I think I have to do stuff tomorrow, unfortunately.
Dang, I was actually ready to burn out an incredible new track,
which would have been...
I'm gonna find it.
I'm gonna find it.
Jizbo's song.
But instead, I failed.
I failed miserably.
I guess I could. No, let's not.
I think I actually have to get ready if I gotta leave in 20 minutes.
So sad. I'll do this song.
I'll sing a song about Jizbo as we leave.
We don't need that, Rob.
But it's happening.
Okay, Rob, if you really want to, while we find someone to raid,
you can sing a song about Jizbo.
Exterminator gets it. I need to wash this hair.
It does look...
Your hair looks the same but wider.
My hair is a good structure to it,
and yours simply doesn't.
Fancy restaurants like you. What the hell is the Pope doing there?
That is alarming looking.
He's just hanging out.
He's not hurting anybody.
Get the thieves there.
Unsettling.
Okay, let's see who's on.
Is that Salazar? Is he back?
You know, I got excited today because I thought I found a way to return Salazar to his rightful place.
At our side.
But, um, then it didn't work.
But I'll figure it out one of these days.
Okay, it's raid time.
Fuckin' Jizbo.
That's the kindest thing you've found.
What the hell? There's too much music.
A beautiful song, everybody.
Yeah.
While I find someone for taste to raid.
Who's even on?
Woo!
Jizbo, what's poppin'?
You know, that's not my favorite.
That's not my favorite Nickelback instruments.
You picked the wrong one.
The Breachy Trigger to level up.
Oh, it's the Breachy can do.
That's beautiful.
Yeah. Let's raid.
Let's raid Static Blader.
They just got on.
Don't do something about it, Bo.
He's a dwarf god.
Like, he's a dwarf god.
And he's a good guy.
He'll be there and that make me mad.
But now I've gotten over it.
And I'm alive and people sound better than ever.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sing with me, guys.
Thank you.
The winner was your madness received.
Every time I'm looking at a stray, that's a cool man.
Bye-bye, everybody.
I've been themed over every time I'm looking at eggs.
Look at the set that I'm not hanging out with him.
It's time for j-
That's the best song we've ever done on this stream.
Thanks, Rob.
Thank you.
Don't butter me up. I'm mad at you.
For what? We've gotten along this whole time.
No!
Oh, bye, everybody.
It's a rob raid.
Stay on Static Blader for us.
I will not play nice with you.
You owe me $6.
What? For my appearance fee?
It's very reasonable.
I'm not paying you anything, Rob. I asked you not to come.
I texted you saying someone requested you in a segment,
don't show up.
$5.
$2.
And you don't wash your hair.
I'm washing my hair.
How about free?
But...
you admit...
that you have a sandwich for me.
We gotta go. We raided already.
Sure you want me to sing more? Nope.