I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
There we go. That should be more correct.
More corrected. There we go.
Got our shiny ugly face.
We're just wearing the least aesthetic helmet in the game.
A mushed up silver thing.
How am I in my living room? It's the power of uh, runes.
Explains everything.
Unfortunately, I'm a little sick today.
Matt, thank you for this 19 months, wow.
19 months of the power of Liddell, and I love...
Oh, Liddell, and I'm in Lindell?
It's meant to be.
This is poison, this guy.
Dude, get fucking poisoned.
Oh, he's pissed now.
Get poisoned again.
Oh, he didn't feel like it that time.
Uh-oh, I'm barely hurting this guy.
This is a time for science.
Whoa, did I die? What's going on here?
Oh, I'm fine.
Oh, he's killing the other guys, nice.
He got science to death, fortunately.
What?
Oh, this, oh my god, the Star Wars stuff?
Good for her, drop a track, man.
I still have not followed up on episode three.
How much debt?
Unfortunately, no debt, or no new debt, at least.
Um, but I did get sick.
I got poisoned by Mickey.
He reached into my soul, and he gave me the Dung Eater Curse.
I mean, I'm fine, mostly.
I just am like, my voice is a little shot.
So I was like, I probably can't do a stream
where I throw my voice around a lot.
Whoa, oh my god.
It's an Elden Hype Train, Tamtran.
Thank you so much.
In honor of the hype train, I'll try to play actually well.
Don't do it, guys.
Don't kill me.
Yeah, we're getting into it now.
What could be more hyped than killing
a golden phantom of a really jacked dude?
And I think I'm going to do that now,
unless I need to get a Gracefuls.
Oh, this guy thought he could survive me.
No meditating on my watch.
It's a breechy, good to see you.
Oh, no.
He's an Elden God.
Uh-oh.
Does some damage.
Oh, god.
Does a little bit of damage.
But did he count on me being able to kind of teleport now?
Can I do it?
Jeez.
Oh, no.
A level three.
I'm missing all these.
Microphone, thank you for the 750.
Listen, I'm Jack.
Microphone and I under Justin.
I'm a James, 750 shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I'm sending a hype train to save our elderly beings.
Biden, thank you for sending the hype train.
And Microphone, I don't think you're
sending the 750 bits to summon Biden.
Tamtran, thanks again for the five.
I'd be screaming my ass off if I didn't think
I would just start coughing.
Almost $5 extra stuffed crust at Little Caesars.
That's hype as hell.
Oh, god.
Get fricking eye-lasered, dude.
He dodged it.
It took too long.
All right, now he's going to get eye-lasered.
That actually does some damage.
Get eye-lasered again.
We're doing better this time.
Maybe I should try poisoning him?
No, I'll just do this.
Uh-oh.
The hype train's still going.
Its track has died, though.
The hype train doesn't want to be around me today
because I'm sick, because I want to catch it.
Fuck up its whole caboose.
Don't do it, man.
Stop attacking me.
Block, block, block, block.
Ow.
I can kind of teleport now, because I put in that ash of war
that lets you kind of teleport.
Not like a great teleport, but at least get to look cool.
I get to look a little more anime,
which is the real goal of this game.
He does not care about bleeding.
Jesus.
We need to use more spells to hold the power of runes.
Ow.
He did not behold jack shit.
I can just blast him a few more times, he'll die.
Do what you're going to do, man.
Yeah, now I get him.
Damn it, he's too good for me.
Oh, he's dead.
The power of science has his ass.
Check this out.
Science in your fucking face.
Yes, oh, I also did die already for one death in.
Oh, and thank you to hard audio cables as well.
Thank you.
Ivan Sleazy.
Forgetting all the things today.
Thanks to the hype train for hitting level three.
I banished it for the day.
I'd use all of my personal runes to keep the hype train from
literally showing up.
But in spirit, he's as hyped as ever.
The science eyes have been kind of useful.
So I played a little bit more.
I got some bell bearings.
I think I grabbed a few other random items.
This is PC.
Actually, I also got another spell slot.
I could add another spell.
Catch flame.
Flame sling.
You were poisoned.
Flame fortification.
Shadow bait.
We're shadow baiting now.
Earth Tree releases in 30 minutes.
I thought it didn't come until tomorrow.
In the middle of the day today is when it comes out.
God, I got to go try to beat Moog right away, I guess.
Can I do it in 30 minutes?
Probably not.
3 PM PDT?
Wow, I did not know that.
Why did they say the release date was tomorrow
and all of the press stuff?
Or did I just as usual not look carefully into it?
Very open to it being either 41 faith for this.
It's midnight for consoles.
All right, well, I mean, I'm pretty underprepared
for the expansion given that I'm
missing a full talisman slot.
This weapon isn't even that upgraded.
Maybe I should just delay it a little bit and just rush some
of this stuff as much as I can, I guess.
Given my somewhat saggy skills.
The hype has ended.
Did you see Will Nefka a level 30-something hype
trained by saying he would go on a date with an art doll?
What's an art doll mean?
I did not hear that.
But I am kind of curious what that even means exactly.
Right now I'm just not doing anything.
I got to make some moves.
Oh, it's a OK.
It's not quite a sex doll.
I should send him Puffy Bear.
Be like, hey, I heard you're looking to go on a date.
I happen to know just the thing.
All right, can I kill this?
That extra, oh my god, my segmental
alert just still active.
At least they're working again.
Giant roach that flew all over gunshades room last night.
Damn, I'll bring him out in a minute.
He's going to kind of be a low energy roach.
I hate to warn you.
I haven't a good.
What are you just sitting there, dude?
Oh, pretty good.
Pretty good moves.
Oh, I can do spooky, flippy things too, sort of.
Just one of them really.
Get eye-lasered.
There we go.
I think I shouldn't have an issue with Morgoth.
Yeah, I wonder if just like the expansion,
though, content will be overleveled for me.
I mean, I'm pretty high level now.
All right, what level am I?
99?
I think they said you might want to be like 120,
but that's 20 more points and whatever.
I have eye lasers.
Also, maybe it's just really cowardly not
to attack the expansion aggressively immediately.
I might have to summon someone if I want to beat Morgoth,
though.
I do remember that fight kicking my ass
pretty hard.
Yeah, it's an independent leveling system,
but I think it's still tied to your base character.
Like, I think stuff will still level you up in the expansion,
and I do think your level matters.
If I'm understanding things correctly, definitely possible.
I'm not.
Damn, you know, I just don't have time to listen to this guy.
I'm going to beat him.
I got to do it now.
He's pretty good.
But now I have ranged attacks.
Ooh, he got me.
Let's rot his ass.
Did I even hit him?
I don't think I did.
Oh, boy.
OK, that didn't go well.
Your level will still be your level in the DLC,
and matter, however, within the DLC,
there's also a new leveling mechanic on top of it.
Yeah, I heard there's consumables.
Look at him just showing off, just making it rain blades.
Honestly, this sword might not be as good as my little guy
here, this little guy.
I just like its moveset more, and I like teleporting.
Oh, and I did die.
Feel the death.
I'll try to beat this.
I've beaten this guy before without too much trouble.
No, I've not unlocked the Great Runes at all.
I always forgot to use Great Runes,
so I'm like, maybe it doesn't matter,
but it probably doesn't matter.
I need to pay more attention to that.
Oh, I got two swords.
What are you going to do?
Oh, that.
I had my wrong estus out.
Open with a dragon breath.
Yeah, I just tried that.
Can he get status affected?
Can he get rotted up?
Two casts, okay.
We'll try.
I kind of need more MP,
because it almost fully drains me just using one cast of that.
All statuses work on him.
Oh, that means I can get him bloody, too.
Man, I wish I had known that was coming out at three.
I mean, that's honestly good.
People get to play it sooner.
But for me, kind of bad.
Get barfed on, fool.
He's pretty good.
I'll give him that.
Jesus, if that dragon thing takes so fucking long,
then I have to use magic.
I died.
Okay, maybe we just give us a couple more shots
and then we just, we go to Morgot.
Um, sorry, we go to Morgot.
No, Morgot is what I probably should be doing.
I just meant to beat this guy
and honestly then go to them.
I meant to do the whole thing up to Godric today,
because I didn't realize the game was coming out
or the expansion's coming out.
I have bought the expansion at least.
I think it should be good to go.
I downloaded a big file.
Give me my zero runes.
Okay, now get barfed on.
Okay, now get barfed on again.
He's not gonna get barfed on.
Well, what the hell do I do there?
Just not get hit?
This guy is a lot easier than Morgot.
Yeah, it's not a good sign
that I'm getting absolutely shredded.
I think my Scarlet thing isn't working very well.
I think maybe I just gotta try fighting him
and that'll go perfectly, I'm sure.
Don't stand in the swords, I see.
I'm piecing it together now.
It was ticking.
Okay, so I just need to not get wrecked.
I guess I need to back further off and then launch it.
Prepare to feel like me, dude, kind of sick.
God damn it.
Ugh, I forgot the joy of this guy's fucking
extra delayed wind-ups.
That's ticking so slowly.
Well, or is it worth it dying every time?
This is our warm-up for Morgot.
If I can't beat this guy, I don't know.
I could just summon someone
and then I could probably beat Morgot
if I get lucky.
Damn, I thought I had such a reasonable plan
of finishing this off today.
Little did I know.
Okay, this time we hit him better.
I'm learning your tricks, I swear.
All right, get barfed on.
Fuck your swords.
Oh my gosh, that is such a wild delay on that.
Having a bad day now.
Uh-oh.
Okay, he's very close to dead.
We just, well, we'll just be cheap.
Ugh, the rock got him.
Okay, well, okay.
Is Morgot weak to scarlet rot?
Because that would be good for me.
Remembrance.
Okay.
Oh, I can't leave yet.
I think I have to run up here and get pulled off.
Well, maybe we're in luck.
That door just told me I had no chance in hell.
Oh, I'm surprised the boss thing stays up.
Or maybe I have to talk to a lady?
Yep, she wants to chat.
Hello again.
Lady.
You are unable to enter the haunted by the mantle
of barbed thorns are impenetrable,
a husk of the earth trees being the only way to stand
and become the one that will live and die purposefully
to the forest and guide you.
Sounds good, lady.
We'll do that eventually.
For now, we have to fight blood men.
The men who love blood.
Prison merch.
This is a midpoint.
Okay.
Should be full on health.
I'm guessing my blood build.
I wonder if this guy cares about blood.
Maybe he does because he's the Lord of Blood,
so he really cares about blood.
Look at this guy.
I should just do what the speed runners do
and glitch him out.
Okay.
You know what, this will probably work
because there's probably other people.
I'll do the lands between.
Wait, can I not use that?
I have to use it out of my inventory.
Okay.
I have 18 of these?
Jesus.
I should level up.
But what if this guy just does it full?
Look at this guy.
He looks like he also doesn't like blood.
It's horrifying.
If you're in the mood, for sure.
I think I just summoned this guy,
but I'll probably lose.
So if you feel like it, by all means.
How do I even emote?
I don't actually know.
He bailed on me.
There's a guy who's the wall build.
Not that.
Look at this guy.
How come all these guys look so...
Okay, this guy doesn't, at least.
Look at this guy.
Is this use for a fight?
Okay, well, I will still probably lose.
So I'll summon a guy
and then if you end up dropping a signal,
totally, use yours.
But this guy has two huge swords.
So I guess we'll just go with him for now.
See if he shows up.
Oh, he didn't show up.
He bailed.
Okay, this guy also has two swords.
Easiest if for you to find me,
if we set a password.
Uh-oh, I don't know how to do that.
Is that like in a system or something?
Probably not.
Multiplayer.
I'm sure it won't be really opaque and weird.
Ask GPT.
Network settings, okay.
Display some network, okay.
Play online.
Data usage.
I don't see it on here.
It was Y in multiplayer.
Oh, okay.
Ah, the password is crumb.
So we all can remember it.
Thank you.
Oh, it could have been creams.
Yeah, we're gonna crumb all over this blood, God.
I'm probably gonna die like an idiot.
I wonder if I need to drop a,
if I need to use another finger friend.
Smash some pots.
Get smashed.
Star Wars haters are gonna be foaming at the mouth
after the, okay.
Well, if we were doing a news day,
we'd listen to this rap.
Although I think I saw people posting about it.
Yeah, I don't feel super invested
in that situation, unfortunately.
Although I certainly believe that a bunch of people
are being absolute dickheads to that girl.
And whatever, if she wants to drop some hot fire on them,
then I support it.
Sign should be down.
Is it a hot fire?
I don't know.
I didn't listen to it, but.
Inceptually, I appreciate the idea.
Oh, there it is.
Boom, strong.
Look at this absolute beast.
Everything that is golden is strong.
I don't even know how to appropriately thank you
with emotes.
That's how bad at this game I am.
There's my gestures.
How do I use it?
Oh, God, I'm using my gestures.
This is showing appropriate respect.
All right, strong.
I'm gonna skip the cutscene.
I'll play the cutscene for anybody who hasn't seen it.
Maybe this is relevant to the DLC.
Maybe you need to see this blood molester
come out of his womb egg.
Not his, actually, someone else's.
I don't even have the potato
that says, like, you're beautiful.
It was on my list of things to possibly do today.
But we've had to move the schedule up.
Anyway, it's important that you see this,
because if you watch this,
definitely understand the plot of this game.
Go to work, Steve.
There he is.
There's our blood boy.
I wonder if they'll explain why
Mikkel is a super tall corpse mutant.
Oh, God, it is.
Our man was gonna start growing horns.
You're like, why do people say that I drink blood?
That's ridiculous.
I drink blood.
I don't need to stress like this.
Yeah, I doubt there'll be an explanation, too.
Okay, strong.
I'll bravely hide behind you.
I'm backing, yeah,
but I'll hide behind you
and just throw some rot breaths.
Uh-oh.
I see some actual skill if you're roaching.
Oh, no, Struck, got Strucked.
Struck, no.
My plan to be a coward won't work now.
Uh-oh, off to a bad start.
That feels so appropriate for this game.
Oh, and I used the wrong heal.
Okay, but maybe he'll let me just
spam him with rot breath
as he's overconfident.
Uh-oh, is he gonna make me nihil?
Oh, God, all right.
Get out of there, man.
Blood loss, he got me.
But look how much progress we've made.
We at least got him down by 10%.
I should honestly probably just let him kill me
if Sporify dies.
Okay, and we bust out our little guy.
It's a good thing I have a bunch of these.
Otherwise, we'd have to go on a mission to buy more.
Can you summon your little buddies and another player?
So that means that I thought you could only summon one.
But to be fair, I don't really know.
Yeah, I can craft more now, I think.
I think I actually have this stuff too.
Also, I have 17 and hopefully there is, yeah, same reverie.
I never multiplayer too much in this.
I think I summoned, I can't mess around
with summoning a player at some fight,
but I can't remember which.
Might have been for the Gods again, nobles.
All right, Strong, we got it this time.
Oh, shit, I shouldn't have gone in.
I should have let him power up first.
Don't worry, he's just marching
fairly slowly towards us.
I hide and rot rat.
I barfed all over his ass.
Uh-oh, and now I'm kind of out of MP.
Oh, but he's rotted, we've rotted him.
Oh God, do I dare even help?
I really should probably.
Is he gonna do his nails?
Okay, he did that.
Oh, and it healed him a lot.
Healed him quite a bit.
I'm tired of this guy poisoning my blood.
Uh-oh, I'm assisting by being a coward
and having head poisoned him.
Oh God, my plan to be a coward
was smarter than this.
No, Strong, I'm sorry.
I got nervous and I wanted to help Strong
and instead I fucked us both over.
I'm gonna switch over
so I can just keep using some MP from a distance.
I'll switch over my Estis flasks a little bit.
I think if you're willing to help me one more time,
I think we can get him.
Oh, congrats, Fiona, that's great news.
Oh, wait, you know what?
I don't have, I'll just use the two I have.
I can remove the blood effect.
Oh shoot, another announcement.
Cat's, the cat's some cat,
a sick, unfortunately, again.
So I guess he can't do the Patreon tonight.
We're just trading back and forth on who can't do it.
I guess because I'm sick anyway,
maybe, honestly, it's for the best.
But apparently some bad news,
some actual bad news, Nora's in the ER again.
That cat is having a rough time internally, unfortunately.
I hope it's doing okay.
The precedent would suggest at least that it'll be okay.
It's a veteran of the ER at this point.
Yeah, I could have just eaten some beans.
Well, you know, as an imaginary pet owner myself,
it's hard to keep them from eating trash.
All right, Struck, I won't screw you over this time.
He said, we're probably immediately screwing him over.
Hey, that felt like a good hit.
Cat, so barf-dom, dude.
Maximum barf.
I'm gonna barf on him again.
He's gotta be poisoned at this point.
All right, I'm a little bit poisoned, too.
Are we about to kneel?
We sure are.
The heal!
My man, kneel!
I'm sneaking up behind him.
Leave him alone!
Oh boy.
So much bloody fire everywhere.
Struck!
Okay, maybe I should go down
and switch my estus is over.
Okay, I can't teleport around anymore.
He's still rotted?
I don't think he is.
He's not taking down anymore.
I don't like my chances.
Is Nor going to the ER
or is she sending people to the ER?
Fortunately, the first one, I think,
but I wouldn't discount it.
Okay, we're gonna go back to the site of grace.
We're gonna switch over.
We're gonna, I guess I'll check and see
if I have this cracked crystal tier
that I should have gotten, but didn't.
Dixterity now, okay, I definitely don't need Dixterity.
Ooh, strength steadily restores HP.
It gates damage and significantly negates damage.
We do that one.
Okay, we're just gonna switch our flasks up.
We'll go with that
because we're still probably gonna get hit.
All right, now I can at least
shoot him with lasers from a distance,
which might be the chip damage we need
or I can re-poison him potentially.
Oh, shit.
Don't notice me, guys.
Pay attention to your statue.
Worship whoever that is.
Blood Zeus?
Yeah, I mean, live in sleaze we may as well.
Let's just embrace the future.
Let's just have Kevin do it, but not him,
one of his AIs.
And then Kevin can never leave us.
We can just put him back in the mix.
Oh, God, I almost just ran straight in.
Okay, inventory.
Use this guy.
It lasts a long time.
I think I might want the,
I mean, right now it's just half restore health,
half the gate damage.
So I think I should use it after I get hit.
Oh, shoot.
You made some AI things of the bin folks.
I should check those out.
Maybe tomorrow,
because we're probably gonna play the expansion today.
We'll do a little news and then the expansion.
Maybe just the expansion.
All right, strong.
Let's do this.
Ready to poison this guy.
Squaring up to us.
Get fricking poisoned.
Uh-oh, okay.
Keep poisoning his ass.
Shit.
Sorry, I should have used this.
Okay, he is at least pretty poisoned.
Now we become men of science.
He dodged it.
Oh my God, he's dodging it every time.
Strong, no!
Not hurting him at all.
Ooh, nobody got me.
Dude, I'm not hurting him at all.
I guess only poison is effective.
Shit.
How about these eyes?
He does not care about those eyes.
Maybe Elvis get real good suddenly?
Yeah, he might be immune to frenzy.
Oh.
At least I went out swinging.
He's weak to bleeding.
That's all that I do.
Yeah, well,
I don't think I needed to keep spamming him
with the rot breath for a bit.
It didn't seem to be doing as much.
I guess I should wait till the second phase
and then spam him again.
Oh, do you?
I mean, I don't, whatever.
Also, if you have to go at any point,
do not worry about us having to beat this guy.
We'll get him eventually.
Someone.
Yeah, he did seem to not be giving a shit about frenzy.
So I will rot his ass up.
Oh, there's a butterfly.
Is this the objectively cooler weapon?
He's blind to science.
Yeah, he only believes in the power of blood magic,
which is barely science.
It's time to cough up more lungs on this guy.
Look at, we're pissed now, Moog.
You goofed.
You didn't even realize it.
Barf on him.
Barf number three.
One that usually makes him sick.
Oh, the heal.
Okay, gotta wait for him to chill out for like a second.
Then I can hopefully barf on him.
Oh, he didn't like that.
I did that.
I'm coming to barely be helpful.
Don't do it, Moog.
Pay attention to me.
Look what I'm doing.
I'm being real naughty over here.
Okay, he might be poisoned.
He's fricking poisoned again.
If we can just survive, I think he's done for it.
Strong, you're doing exactly what your name says
and being strong as hell.
Oh no, he's done being poisoned.
And I gotta go into help.
Wow, I completely missed every swing.
Yeah.
Oh no, he died.
Strong, you died a hero's death.
Ah, did estate.
Thank you so much, Sporophyte.
Shout outs to Sporophyte,
who died briefly in the line of duty.
You will live on in our hearts.
Remembrance of the blood lord.
Damn, well, it's time for new stuff, maybe.
Do I need to, I might need to reload the game.
Hey, you too.
I assume you're playing it.
And I guess you're also, I'm assuming on PC.
I don't know if this does cross play.
You got the runes nice.
Strong, deserves every one of those runes.
Wow, that gives you 300,000 runes.
Okay, I'm just gonna give myself more vigor.
And I guess a little more mind.
Should I just go straight vigor?
I think maybe vigor is the way to go.
I think we just get our health up.
And we just really hope for the best.
Can I just touch this guy now?
60 vigor is the first off-cap.
We should probably just go for 60 then.
Um, I'm gonna quit out and then reload, I guess.
Cause it's after three.
I also don't exactly know.
Do I need to beat other bosses to access this
or just, just Mogue?
Cause if we do need to beat Godfrey,
it's gonna be a minute, unfortunately.
Okay, I beat Radon.
Radon is dead.
And his poor horse.
How do we turn you on?
Or do I need to download something extra?
Maybe it only opens a bit late.
Maybe behind it y'all run behind it.
I would guess you touch the hand,
which is why I'm just running up to the hand.
Let me make sure everything is downloaded.
That could also be it.
Here's the back of the egg.
Restart steam.
Okay, I'll do that too.
Um, let's see.
I have the game in turn.
Steep.
Excuse me.
Ugh, gross.
We're shutting Eldon down.
I'm gonna mute myself and blow my nose.
It's gonna look really good.
Actually, I think Melania has to blow her nose.
Or sorry, Ronnie.
Thank you, Ronnie.
Yeah, we got the blood God,
so I think we're basically good to go.
Yeah, I got a big update this morning
and I have bought the DLC,
so I assumed it was that.
It was about 14 gigs.
So it might just be that I need to restart steam.
I did already kill Radon, yeah.
I did that off stream.
Oh, it's still done.
Okay, nevermind, it's downloading more.
Oh no, it's a big boy too.
All right.
Well.
The doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
This could take a while.
It's at 1% after me saying this could take a while.
It's going at about 70 millibytes per second.
It's 14 gigs.
Right now it's at 314.
So we'll probably have about 10, 15 minutes here.
It's weird that it did download
a pretty big update this morning.
I figured that was definitely it.
The nude mod version.
Oh, should I prep with the nude mod?
I didn't get the nude mod ready.
Is that gonna limit my enjoyment of the expansion?
I really don't want to limit myself.
You're gonna want the nude mod.
Okay, well, in the meantime,
need to check in mod?
Oh, that would be great.
There is a lube chef under all of this armor somewhere.
In the meantime, we'll play Snake.
In case anyone was worried that we weren't
still gonna have some pretty cool gameplay.
Don't worry, we have Snake here.
I don't have my camera though.
One second.
We need our Elden Cam.
There we are, there I am.
Okay.
Snake, please.
Boom.
If I had Animal Well on this PC,
I would just play a little bit of that
while it waits, but it's on my PS5 actually.
There's kind of a Snake boss in Animal Well,
which is what I'm thinking of that.
Not to spoil it.
You feel like a real gamer when you get those ones
on the edges?
This one's gonna be really intense.
Uh-oh.
Gaming.
Gaming and gaming.
Look at this guy go.
This is a good sick day activity.
The Snake DLC, you know, unfortunately,
they said no further Elden Ring DLCs,
but I think they had originally planned a Snake DLC
so that you could play as the Snake guy
and play this game as him.
Ooh, knocked out.
Cold.
Let's see how my Steam is doing.
Oh, we're so close.
One more round of Snake and we're fricking good to go.
I'd say it is harder than Elden Ring
because once you get to a certain size,
I think it's actually impossible.
Your Snake can get bigger than the screen.
Well, it probably would die before then.
Snake is about recognizing your limitations.
Yeah, this is mostly an Apple's build,
but with a slight focus and stretch,
I considered going Arcane Poison,
but at the end of the day,
I decided to mostly focus on Snake.
Oh, oh, oh, uh-oh, I'm getting too fancy.
Chase that tail.
We gotta go for the go-
We gotta make no mistakes
because we need to play the actual game
that I'm supposed to play.
I should have put on the Dark Souls music for that.
It was that intense.
We're downloaded.
We're officially downloaded.
Can you go Snake Build in Raya?
Has the Raya meta just changed?
Yeah, I mean, the true toll of the lands
between is the 40 bucks this game costs.
I've heard that it's huge,
so it's probably about as worth it as any $40 game,
but it is a little pricey for a DLC.
They might, you never know.
There could be a new wolf guy.
There could be a new wolf guy.
You never know.
Oh, you know, if you feel like it's a preachy,
yeah, I use that as my, like,
sort of default background image.
What the heck?
Hello, sir.
What's your deal, man?
How come you're not murdering me?
That's kind of what we do around here,
is we just murder each other.
Oh, well, I'll give him time.
He'll murder me eventually.
And that's me making assumptions.
Guide it by faith along,
touch the withered arm
and you too will be transported
to the realm of shadow
where Nicola the kind now dwells.
Oh, the kind?
Okay, we're in luck.
So they're already, like us,
they have heard kindly Nicola's call.
If you can find them,
they are certain to lend you aid.
Okay.
What level is my sword?
Just curious.
Plus 17, what does it go up to?
Plus 20, it's probably fine.
I also have a plus nine dagger here.
And I've got science, plus 25.
Ooh, I'm a little behind the curve.
Really wanted to sort that out
before I got into this, but you know what?
Let's head to the realm of shadow.
Maybe I should just stick with my plus nine dagger.
It's probably slightly better.
Yeah, you're right.
I probably will want to switch weapons anyways.
Look at this whole new arena of stone.
All right.
I officially don't know what I'm doing,
even more so than previously.
Oh my God.
It's literally under a veil?
Is this place like under her bed?
That looks like her little bed curtains.
What did you do, Merica?
Yeah, that's true.
I'm on my own now.
The story is yet, I mean,
people are like, it does make sense.
Actually, if you look into it,
and those people are,
and they have convinced themselves that it makes sense.
I'd say it's pretty intentionally opaque.
Okay, this looks cool though.
Sort of a hodge podge of some of the previous areas.
Wonder if this is the full area
if there's stuff past the tree.
Oh, goodie, a grace.
Oh, oh boy.
Yeah, it's not the Ertree, but you do,
I mean, it's the giant tree in the middle of the map.
I'm guessing they're probably somehow related.
At least spiritually, maybe.
Yeah, there's a ton of lore.
I would just say that even the most hardcore lore enthusiasts,
there's a certain amount of headcanon involved
with these games,
because it very rarely gives you any hard facts.
But honestly, I like that about it.
Okay, we're just gonna run around.
There's a lot of graves.
That's fun for everybody.
This makes him feel like he's at home
because this place is also a ruinous death hole.
Birds, I thought you were something worse for sure.
Wow, I'm disrespecting these ruins.
Oh, good, a lump of flesh.
Don't worry, there's a lump of flesh
to set you on your journey.
Yeah, cozy ruinous death hole.
Just like home.
Okay, well, that's what's over there.
Probably more stuff, eventually.
Maybe, who knows?
I'm just avoiding running up to this candle man over there.
And also I feel like these gargoyles
are probably going to attack me.
But I guess let's start dying.
You there, miss.
I just am looking for directions.
Oh God, how strong are you?
Okay, that hurt a little bit.
Granted, it's like a bird enemy
and usually they're pretty weak.
Okay, I killed something.
I'm assuming that's a flying enemy,
but it did not bother flying against me.
Hello, birdies.
Dog?
No.
Dog?
No.
Actually, yes, my bad, it's a dog.
Are you a dog?
Nope, you're a goat.
Oh, this bird thinks it's gonna get the drop on me.
It doesn't understand that I'm a man of science.
Oh, you dummy.
You don't even know how to react to my long range attacks.
Yeah, maybe we're the exact right build.
Oh, I should praise them.
I gotta praise those dog messages
because I did enjoy those.
I bamboozled the hell out of that dog.
And I agree now that it's a dog.
Uh-oh, I wanna say it's good.
You're healed.
And you also are healed.
I am the new God of the lands between
restoring the life of the people.
Okay, fellas.
What's, I'm here to make contact with a new culture.
How are you?
Can we be friends?
No, rocks?
Okay, but what if we're pals is an idea?
I just, all I'm doing is saying hi.
All right.
How?
Yeah, they're pretty good at throwing rocks.
These beleaguered peasants are strong as hell.
Oh my God, I'm getting rocked by these guys.
They're stronger than fricking General Radon.
Incredible arm on those peasants, for sure.
All right, some scorched ruins.
Are you gonna talk to me or are you gonna murder me?
All right, I guess this is more of a murder guy.
I'll just leave him alone.
Does he have little devil horns or is that hair?
That's hair.
Or is it?
Are you growing weird things?
Is he one of those guys that grows a couple horns?
Or does he just have bad hair?
I just thought maybe this place would be different,
but I should have known.
New shadow, same old tree.
What's up, dude?
Wow, you guys could do so much more with your life.
You could join any baseball team.
Oh boy, look at that guy.
He's just waiting for me.
I see stuff.
Oh, this is where I just was.
No, jump better, man.
Oh, great.
Yeah, definitely whatever totally ruined this entire area
is probably not even here.
And if it is, I bet it will explain what it is
and we'll understand where it's coming from, for sure.
I am being kind of rude.
They didn't invite me into their scorched ruins.
I just walked straight in.
Look at all these scorched guys.
Uh-oh, is this locked?
Okay, that's a great message.
What's going on here?
Blade of mercy, what's that with the blade?
Is that a weapon?
I guess it sounds like a weapon,
but it kind of didn't look like one.
Um, you know, I don't see it amongst these items.
Huh, what is it?
The talisman, oh, okay.
Good to know.
Oh God, I don't even have all the talisman slots.
Maybe after we storm through a little of this DLC
we'll run a couple errands.
Oh wait, do it?
No, there's one more talisman slot, right?
Ooh, clarifying horn charm plus one.
I could be so focused.
Enhances roars and breath attacks.
I do have a breath attack.
Okay, what do you do though?
Raises attack power for each critical hit.
I don't really know how my critical stat works.
I have all the slots?
I could have sworn you got one for killing God-free.
Guess not.
Oh, or do you just go in for killing his phantom?
The pedos in there somewhere, for sure.
Yeah, okay, I don't crit very often,
so we're not gonna use that.
Maybe we'll just breathe on people with our breaths.
Men of science are known for their bad breath.
That's the way I came.
What do you have?
Mushrooms, fantastic.
Hello, oh, you fuckers.
I got a new cookbook.
Let me celebrate.
Don't kill me.
I can't get killed by the pathetic stone throwing peasants.
All the bosses will laugh at me if you guys kill me.
Spectrum Internet, no.
I'm gonna have a new internet provider soon.
I hope it doesn't do that to me.
Well, actually, it'll still be Spectrum,
but I hopefully had a new place someday.
Oh, cracked pot.
Okay, that guy was just praying
and I do feel a little bad for murdering him like that.
What are you, what's your guys' deal?
Are you farmers?
Is there any story to this place?
Is there anything else even going on here?
They're mushroom farmers.
I blew it for them.
Oh, dogs are back.
Great news, everybody, dogs are back.
We got some grace.
Okay, I don't think I need all of these.
Don't think I need all these magic charges anymore.
I think two is usually fine.
This is a really fancy farm.
It's for a fight.
I feel like I'm missing something
because this area looks important,
but I guess that's a lot of areas in this game.
I didn't go inside or anything, though.
I mean, I kind of did.
I went in here, I guess it's more of a gate.
Hello, says, all right, well, oh, well.
Okay, hello, guys.
Loading grass, that's exciting.
This is a statue, then the sculptures had time
to realize some pretty depressing visions
of this world.
Okay, this is the thing, right?
Reverse spirit ash blessing.
Reverse spirit ash can be found
across the realm of shadow.
Consume an ash at a site of grace
to bolster your revered spirit ash blessing.
Oh, okay.
The revered spirit ash blessing bolsters
both summon spirits and spectral steeds abilities
to deal and negate damage,
but has no influence outside of the realm of shadow.
What?
So it's just for summons?
Well, summon spirits and spectral steeds.
Is that the main leveling thing?
Is just you can get stronger summons?
Or is there other, there's probably other stuff?
It's one of two, okay.
Damn, I am still a chump.
I thought running up to that depressing statue
would have gotten me huge gains.
Oh, good.
Look at the friendship tree here.
This is the DLC.
I did not realize it comes out today,
but turns out it did.
You guys wanna come down and play?
No?
All right, we're probably fine.
All right, I'll stop killing time.
Let's, let's mix it up.
The other loitering.
Ooh, a map, maybe.
Yeah, that's a map.
And that's why we aimlessly wander.
Map found the Gravesite Plane.
Wow, pretty big.
This is pretty big for a DLC.
This is like a whole other fourth of the base map,
it feels like.
Assuming this stuff fills in, but I think it probably does.
Or wait, actually, maybe this whole inky blackness
gets filled in.
Which case it's very, ooh, a ghost.
Everyone burned to cinders burned away.
Excuse me, I'll give, I'll do this guy justice.
Everyone burned to cinders burned away.
What do we do to deserve this?
We merely lived our lives.
We lived in peace.
Does he have anything else to say?
Everyone burned to cinders burned away.
Put to the torch by Mesmo.
And his life.
What we do to deserve such a fate.
We merely lived our lives.
We lived in peace.
Little repetitive, but one more try.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it.
Enjoy dinner, Matt.
I really wish I wasn't sick today
or I would probably play this game for quite a while.
But instead I'll probably only play a couple hours
and then give it another swing tomorrow.
All right, I don't love my chances against this thing.
But I'm being a coward.
Let's fight him without thinking about it.
Maybe he hates dragon breath.
If it burns it rot.
Oh, I burn.
Oh, no, that's not a good sign.
Maybe I fight that on the horse.
We do now have 40 vigor too.
So it's not like our stats are that low.
And he did just one shot us with a jumping a we.
So that's fun.
But we're gonna, we're gonna alter our tactics.
He already sees me.
Geez.
Get long distanced.
That didn't quite work.
I mean, it really looks like
it shouldn't work against him to be fair.
All right, get breath, get breathed on.
That was too far.
Okay, get breathed on.
Okay, he does not care about breath.
Maybe I can just kind of push him over.
Uh-oh.
I don't know why that didn't hurt me.
That did though.
I need my horse.
I've made several mistakes.
Oh my God, I did literally no damage to him.
Okay, maybe there's a trick
to fighting these guys or something.
Maybe that trick is just have better stuff.
Too far away.
Yeah, I think you're right, sporophyte.
24 hour stream, you guessed the time I pass out.
It'll, I will not make it far
into a 24 hour stream today, unfortunately.
Yeah, we'll just ignore that guy for now.
He's proven his point.
His point was something, something you suck.
And he was right.
There are, you can rub your swords
in various grease.
These guys are back.
Okay.
Maybe these guys hate the frenzied flame.
Fellas, I have a surprise for you.
Oh, they kind of did.
That's the flame doing work.
Yeah, some swords take grease.
There's like blood grease, fire grease,
and it'll give them like an elemental effect basically.
Plus other things.
I used to kind of understand
the weapon system in this game.
And I still kind of do,
but I think there's also a lot of depths to it that I don't.
So for instance, I feel like apply blood grease
to a weapon.
I don't know if it scales off arcane,
which I have, or if it would scale with anything.
They love grease.
What the, look at everybody chilling over here.
What's up, fellas?
Are you gonna murder me?
Hello?
Look at this guy's face.
This is well and I will understand.
Your kind are not forgiven.
The earth three is my people's enemy.
My marica long betrayed.
Set aflame.
I believe Mikala's apologies.
When he says our delivery will come,
but never will I see your kind as worthy.
Wait, can you explain what we did?
And yet my oath I can't.
If Mikala it is whom you would seek,
then come ready.
Oh, he's gotta help me.
Yeah, get wrecked, dude.
You have to help me.
Another map.
Anything else?
Gotta warn you, dude.
I'll probably just go everywhere.
Is it a separate map?
Map marked with the locations of Golden Cross
is examined using X.
Oh.
A simple map drafted by a horn sent.
That's exciting.
Yeah, I think he might be a comment.
I think this is the,
the shadow of the earth tree is full of reds.
Oh, Kendall's calling.
Just a sec, everybody.
Bye, say bye to chat.
Bye bye, chat.
Yeah, she's not, no, no, no, if they can hear you.
Okay, I'll see you soon.
Bye.
She's on the way back.
Okay, well, that's a pretty straightforward item description.
What the frick is this?
Empyrean blood virgin.
I don't know.
Oh.
Okay.
Anything else you want to tell me about what's going on here,
miss?
Okay, good.
Yep.
I skipped a dialogue there by accident.
Yeah, I do.
I abandon here the first of the flesh of my body.
Is he just chopping off pieces of himself?
Anything else?
Nope.
Okay.
That doesn't change at least.
Nicholas is walking around,
lopping off,
Mickalitch is walking around,
lopping off,
lopping off,
lopping off,
lopping off,
lopping off,
Mickalitch hunks.
I see, I kind of thought the crosses
would be the new Scytes of Grace,
but it turns out maybe they're just often
going to be next to Scytes of Grace.
Pick up the item.
Oh, that's probably a good idea.
Okay.
Scadoo tree fragments.
That's a Muppet word.
Scadoo tree,
can be found across the realm of shadows.
Consume these at Scytes of Grace
to bolster your Scadoo tree blessing.
The Scadoo tree blessings bolsters
the recipient's abilities to deal in the gate damage, but has no influence outside the realm
of shadow. I don't know if I love that, but whatever. Oh shit. I can see how it's a logical
way to handle progressing in a DLC, but I'd prefer the level you did in the specific
area wasn't like locked to that area. Whatever though. Ensooms skidoo tree fragments to
bolster your skidoo tree blessing. Yeah, I mean, why not? I'm empowered. Okay, I'm
empowered. That's some classic Elden Riding right or Elden Riding right there.
Ringing. There we go. Skidoo tree. You just received an item, an exciting new
power-up system. Use it. You used it. You're powered up. I'll move along. More
freaking corpse boys. Shit, I still don't, I still don't have a fucking lantern. I gotta
get a lantern. I can't remember who sells me one. Yeah, skidoo tree is a hottest new
street fighter attack. It's honestly OP. You can skidoo tree lock people. Oh,
sportfight you're playing. That's great. What are you looking at birds? More rocks? Me
too. Okay, we're approaching a castle. Are you a different depressing guy? Skidoo
tree. What's up my man? Yeah.
Formerly in service to Lord Moog, but now like you another soul guided by kindly
Micola. I'm hardly the steady hand I once was. My fighting
blood you gave up. Which is why I have chosen to dedicate myself to
investigation to discern tender Micola's ultimate purpose. I'd rather not
volunteer service to a new master unless I know that I can be of use. Okay,
what can you do? I six crosses identical to this one have been discovered
in these land. They are akin to tender Micola's footprints or gravestones
which if you discover any more crosses be certain to tell I presume you too
are key just what kind of Micola is doing. I don't know if I trust this guy.
If you discover any be certain to tell me I presume you know I kind of just
killed your old boss. Does that make you like me? You guys have a bad
relationship? Hello little man. Oh, he's probably secretly a big man.
We're just kind of vibing out me in this guy. What's up dude? Hello.
Together we work together for Micola the kind. Many things we have found.
Uh-oh. He's been hitting the head a few too many times. Damn, I was really hoping he
might just have a lantern for me. Sealed spirit springs. Sure, give me that
whatever. Livers. Are livers new? Okay, I guess I probably want these.
Let's take one of these. Why not? I like finding things for you, lady
ladder. It really has failed him. And the forager brood. Things bring joy to
all. I need finding things for you, lady things. That's all he's got. Goodbye.
Kindly pot boy. Me. Do good. Job. Out here. In the sad woods. I abandon here part of
the flesh of my body. Is that all he's got to say? You got to be full yourself to
just lop off a finger and be like yes this is a memorial to my finger. I'm
just saying the guy's got an ego. I was kind of hoping those would say different
things. That's fine. I guess that's fine. How about this door? Do you open? That's the
power of runes right there. Like a hunter-hunter door. He's opening it. No
problem. Hello. Oh, fuck that treasure. Um, oh no. Okay, it's not so bad. Nice.
It's probably just a basic enemy, then. Oh, what's going on in there? Anything to
say? A liar ahead. I thank you for the help. And more bugs. Oh, that was so
satisfying science. Ah, what? That's why we use the science eyes. Hello, friend. So
this would be another one of the misbegotten guys. Revered spirit ash.
So that's a summon, I think? Is that a new summon? That's fun. Who's there? What do you
have to... Oh, he's meditating. Oh, a shadow roll. Look at these little guys. Are these
corpses or people? Or statues? I guess they're golden statues. Okay, they're
statues. Or they're statue corpses you never know. Brace yourself for the
lore videos about these statues. Oh, this fucking thing again. All right. Okay, I get
your guys' deal now. Yeah, frenzied on. Oh, that is some science right there. Hello.
This place is a little too peaceful. Oh, okay. Should have said that. Science eyes.
For a science eyes build. I gotta remember to use my science. Okay.
Oh, we're back on the mountain top of the giants. Look, these, these lions have
little horns. That's fun. They're a bunch of little mugs. They're a bunch of little
morgots. Yeah, thanks for chilling, uh, Reverie. Have a great one. And avoid those
spoilers, although I'll probably be playing so slow. Oh, that's what the
revered spirit is, so it's not a spirit. Ash, it's just a blessing. I'll probably
be playing so slow that I won't even get to have any spoilers. I'm sneaking. Maybe
don't open that yet. Ah, it's like Willy Wonka's factory. A beautiful river of piss.
What's up, man? Oh, wow, that did some damage to the orchard. Well, that was satisfying.
They're just worshiping the piss fountain. Sorry about that. Okay, these guys
definitely have some horns. I think, I think at least. Yeah, they do. So that's
some lore stuff. It's a good point token. Oh, he saw the investment opportunity.
That's why he lived in that river of piss. He saw free real estate.
Probably get some decent spirit ashes. Seeing as they have a mechanic to level
them up in here. The rivers of piss. Oh, good, a knot resin in my piss river.
That's what that guy was defending. This piss river has the best knot resin.
What the? What are you guys doing? What was that? Sorry, fellas. Sombra smithing stone
three. Doesn't seem super useful at this point in the game. All right, thank God. More sewers.
Oh no. Oh no, really deep sewers. Filled with piss people. All right, buddy.
Locked. Mercifully locked. Mesmer fire grease. Piss. Maybe it's some sacred golden
sap from the shadow tree. If I had to guess, the story of this game has something to do
with the misbegotten. Or there might be another name for what Mogun Morgut were.
Just cursed? Or were they misbegotten? Or is that just the weird lion, guys?
Omen, yeah. Maybe it's omen and misbegotten. What's up, little man? Oh, you're an enemy. I thought
you wanted to chat. Ooh, a smithing stone six. That might be useful for us. Hello, sad friend.
Maybe the way to cheer him up is to stab him? I think I gotta do it. I just put him out
of his misery. He's having a really bad day. And that was the only way I could think of
to cheer him up. Oh my gosh. Uh-oh, out of juice. I have some of my eyepists. It was the kindness
of slashing him in vits. Uh-oh, they used the power of sneak. Oh god. Hit the wrong button.
All our eyes are pissing right now out of the cruelty that we witnessed in this world.
All right, it's time to execute strategy, run past things.
Ow. Strategy is failing miserably. It did not work. My strategy was bad. And now I'm the piss,
Skymer. Okay, we'll just kill this guy because it is kind of easy with my eyepowers.
And then we'll try to run under that bridge. You there. I lied. It was not easy.
Now we don't get tricked by this guy. Or we do. Oh, that jumping attack is gutting me every time.
Oh god. I've multiplied my problems. Oh no. Damn. We lose more piss that way. Right next to those
ruins. It is only like 30,000. They really don't. As soon as there's a couple of them, it's a lot
for my little science eyes. All right, we gotta be a little more methodical. It would seem.
You there. Now you noticed me. I was hoping you wouldn't.
Whoa. Why did he give me so many smithing stones? All right. I'd like to bait this guy out. Damn it.
Wow. He was disrespecting my science left and right. All right. You there. Mr. Slow walk.
Yeah. Who respects science now? That guy. You know what? Speaking of respecting science,
I'm gonna just deal with these guys this way. Oh, I'm out of juice. Okay. Shoot me. All right.
They're down. They're down at least. Well, hey, I really don't think I'll make it that far,
so hopefully I won't fuck up too much of the game for you. This is more like a preview
of the content you will probably handle far more definitely. Oh yeah. I immediately fell
for that guy's incredibly obvious trap again. Got him. Lurk away. Lurk away. Lurk away.
It is a door. That's a good note. Good. Keep it up. Oh, good. Okay. I thought I was about
to run over here to be rewarded with that note. We're sneaky. Yeah, that was very helpful for
me, Skymer, when the enemies decided they would just let me kill them. That was better for me
for sure. I appreciate these enemies also doing that. Oh, a grace out of nowhere. You two assholes.
Oh, I almost broke their incense pot. Another door locked. Okay. Madman invades home and murders
everyone. Who would do that? This is a public castle? Oh, no. Okay. That was way more effective
than I expected. I'm getting crucible. Oh, back. Back away, man. Oh, this guy was pretty good.
He's pretty good. He's just like a 10 foot tall murder elk of a man. But this time I got his ass.
You there. I heard you don't respect science. Oh, that was some major disrespect for science.
Sir. Oh, got him. I got nothing for it. Yeah, I thought he might drop something.
I think that might just be an enemy I'm going to see a bunch of. That's not good for me.
He wasn't a door. My power still works. Jesus. Everyone here just chill out a little bit
from beyond the grave. Is there another one up there? Oh, it's just him. Oh, bastard.
Taking your treasure. Yeah, these bones are mine now.
What the? Wow. This guy's sad, too. Oh, it wasn't that sad. Lock off him, dude. Oh, there we go.
Tamehameha science. Oh, God. It's bad when you use your science and then you just see
them sprinting towards you with their knife up. He survived that shit. Oh my God,
I'm going to just have to heal after this. Like it doesn't make any difference if they kill me.
Oh my gosh, I have no health. You little asshole with your sliver of health.
They are anti-vaxxers, man. They don't care that I keep using estus flests.
Chef bullie, sorry, notorious sex guy lube chef believes in the power of piss and he hates
to see it used so recklessly against him. What the frick are you guys? We're going to be sneaky.
Very fortunate that we snuck there because I would have died. A string!
Thank God we found the string. Ooh, we probably can blast through the bars, but I'm like,
well, let's just try. I might die if they turn around and decide to get nasty on me.
What are you, nasty bug guys? Nasty bug guys. They don't want me to find those strings.
And I'm the best with strings. All right, so far I've found absolutely nothing worthwhile.
In this entire area, which isn't my favorite when that happens. Oh boy, all right, I'm missing here.
There's got to be some reason to come this way. Can't just be a string. I guess I've never
gotten a string in this game. What does a string do? I was wondering if it might be a key item,
because that would be pretty funny. Maybe I have gotten strings before? Oh, for crafting.
Okay, that makes sense. Oh, here's an entrance, all right. Release this terrified spirit,
silver horn tender. Oh, rope pods, nice. I should probably make some pot.
The storeroom key! There was a locked door, trying to remember where.
Maybe we just circle back for it. Uh-oh. Okay, got him. The first ruins because they
let you summon enemies there. And yeah, that's weird. Maybe just because it's an open area.
I heard they were trying to make this game have like something closer to open co-op.
So maybe that's why. So right now I don't know if I could summon anyone. I hear bugs.
Or something over there. Just some interestingly graphic assets. Oh no, birds.
These guys are going to kill me for sure. Well, at least I called it. I'm just going to try to run back
there. Or maybe I check for the storeroom. And I might have to stop soon, unfortunately.
I do have a- what the frick? Are you eating? You got to vote the wolf ticket. The birds are the
worst. Hello friends. Oh, they disagreed. He's back. Let's just be sneaky.
Yeah. Maybe this is where the locked door was.
Hello, pathetic scavengers. Oh, a whole new piss area. A whole new fit piss fountain.
What? Who are you? Fire knight? Weagline? Okay, pretty good. Wow, that did not hit him.
Oh, God. Maybe if I just point out the birds. He's got a little bit of an Aladdin energy to him.
A bunch of flames. But these ones might be different than the other flames.
Okay, ignoring that guy again. And we run to meet our death. Stop it, guys. Stop it. Nobody likes you.
Okay, check this out, though. What if I eat some fire-dried liver? Are you poisoned?
Because it'd be nice if you were. Come on, you know you want to be rotted to death.
That's so much rot. You can just- okay, he's rotting. I see the little stink coming off you,
dude. Everybody can see it. You're a rotten boy. Who hates blood? I'm one of the few still
loyal to the blood lord. Oh, look at this guy. Oh no! He got me. What? He's still poisoned. Oh,
he's stuck. No, he's not stuck. Don't you do it. Damn it. Your horse parkour failed?
I could have beaten that guy if I just was less dumb. Okay, it's not the best strategy,
but we're gonna poison him again. I don't feel like dealing with you guys later,
so I'll just kill all these guys. Look at this fucker back here. We should have cheated harder,
not moved. I'll let him stay stuck. Yeah, I blew that golden opportunity.
Do I have any more livers? All right, I'm on my last fire liver. You there. Keep walking
towards me. He did. What a dummy. Are you rotting to death yet? No? What about now? What?
I will show you that the real power in this world is that I keep coming back to life and you don't.
The God-given talent of any Dark Souls protagonist.
Grindy immortality. All right, it didn't matter fighting these guys, so fuck it. Also,
first gonna go ahead and do that. I am out of those fire livers, unfortunately.
Okay, you. Keep walking towards me. Good work, good work, good work. You fucker.
Oh, I put my sword away. So stuff we would use like the liver doesn't come back when we die. No.
I'm out of the livers now. Honestly, that dragon thing is just so slow. Maybe I should
just try to bleed him to death and just dodge his attacks. I'll try that this time. Don't chase me,
please. This time I'll laser him on his approach and see if that does anything.
So these guys like the great grace of gold? Okay, that did something to him.
He should be vulnerable to madness. I guess I could go with that.
He just kind of like two shots me, unfortunately. So if I fuck up these spells, which I am,
he just kind of kills me. We'll try some madness. He's got the good old like
keep stabbing attack, you fucker. I'm just gonna try to blast him right away.
Are you coming out right here, right? Oh my gosh, I fucked up. What a surprise.
He dodged it. How could you do that to me? Going with my don't lock on strategy,
sometimes I find it's easier to avoid these guys when you're not. Go crazy already, you
fucker. How is he holding on to his sanity so hard? You're gonna go crazy one of these days.
You are but a man. And I am a science man. Dude, I'm gonna go crazy before him.
Oh, he caught it. Yeah, I guess he was not vulnerable to madness after all.
Wow, I did not dodge that. Come on, do a jump attack or something. Let me heal.
You piece of shit. There we go. Powers of science.
A crusade insignia. I'm assuming that's a talisman. See what it does.
Raises attack power after defeating an enemy. Well, I don't do too much of that, so
that one's not for me. Shriek of sorrow? We might have to try that. Oh,
this is just a statue of a corpse or a corpse that's become a statue. First try.
That's all that was in this area, I guess. Seemingly, yes. I really thought we might
get a sweet flamelance, but I guess maybe we'll get it somewhere else.
Okay, we're gonna heal and we're gonna just sprint past that knight and hope for the best.
Oh, is this the door? This is the door. You too. Yeah. What? Okay, I can't lock onto him. That's a
good sign, but this guy doesn't sound like he's doing well. I mean, obviously he looks great,
but he doesn't sound good. Oh, shit. Bloodborne. Look at this poor sad thing. What the fuck happened
to your eyes, man? Fucked up finger crown.
Our tower by thy kind veiled in shadow. Thou camest robbing us of all,
spoiling all. Have ye not basked in these deeds long enough?
Yeah. Progeny of the wondrous. What's the pot on her head? Thy sins thou shalt have
my recompense. The sacred beast shall unleash its ire. I think you'll be confused with somebody else.
This doesn't sound like me. Do what thou wilt. The ultimate feisty squint.
For all the good it'll do thee in the end. Do you want to help me? For what reason,
do ennette thy sordid bells tuck away the loathsome issue of the rotten strumpet?
Anything else? You were not helpful. I'm sorry. I hate to be mean.
What? Okay, well, that's the thing we got. Maybe we win her over.
Fog ahead. That's exciting. Thank you, Subrichi. We'll do. I think I'm gonna have to stop after
maybe we reach something that feels like a conclusion to this area, because I do really
feel like shit, unfortunately. The timing just isn't great. We've spent literally
three to four streams prepping this character. If there's a secret you're not finding it,
but you gave it a good shot. Maybe if I sneak up on this guy, it can beat
incredibly easily. Or we just sneak away. Yeah, that was the real plan. Okay.
Don't care about you. Don't care about you. Yes, yes, yes. You're all sad. You're covered in piss.
You're sad as well. Run for it. Yeah, my legs were invincible.
All right, is this gang gonna follow me? Do they understand ladders? This one does.
Damn it. That guy stood back up. That's crazy. This is gonna chase me. Plunging attack.
Should I forgot how to do a plunging attack? Okay. More. It did start yesterday after Disney,
so I think it might be something I caught amongst the crowds. I might take a COVID test.
I mean, I'm not going anywhere, fortunately, but maybe I should.
Although it doesn't really feel, I mean, I guess I don't know what COVID's supposed to feel like
anywhere. It's just a headache. It's a headache and a throat thing. What the fuck are you doing, bird?
Hey, we kind of got him. Yeah, I keep it waxed and waxed. I keep it tight.
I keep these transmissible diseases locked up tight and waxed.
And that is a good explanation of what happened for everyone. Dude, he did not know where I was.
He just got absolutely decimated by the powers of science.
Uh-oh. Oh, that guy got decimated by the powers of repeatedly hitting R1.
Where did he even come from? Science. The rooster next door. The rooster she told you not to worry
about. Well, I got a bunch of smithing stones. You guys got a pot? Sorry, buddy. I want your pot.
Oh, he had a spear dash in that pot. Okay. Apparently it was bringing a pot full of ashes
to his family, so that was just a harsh lesson that they need to learn here that ashes aren't water
and piss is not water you're supposed to drink. Oh no. What the fuck, sir? Oh God. Do you understand
the topography here? Oh, he doesn't prepare for science. Oh, he understood it better than I gave him
credit for. No. What? Oh my God. He's the fucking terminator. Ah, nemesis. It's suddenly a resident
evil came. The piss did soften our fall, but then his foot made up for it. And then his
big ass sword. All right. I just got a sprint for it. Fuck you. Fuck you. And you know fuck you.
And you. I know I killed all those birds so faithfully, but I'm just going to run past them.
The ultimate strategy. Strategy is not working. Strategy really failed. Oh my God,
that's a lot of birdies. Shoot all those birds and then lose to the guy I don't want to.
I don't want to. I teleport. Teleporting was a mistake. Yep. Ah, no. Unfortunately,
Skymer, that when you save it, resets everybody. It's a cruel system. I'm going to go for the
sprint again. This time I'm going to. Ooh. Did you see me making plans that were never to be?
I'm invincible. Jesus. No. What the fuck? How many times is that bird going to attack?
Look at that fucking thing. Maybe there's an ash of gray. Maybe there's an ash of gray
something. That's what I'm looking for. Hello. Don't do your stuff. Don't. Yeah, I see you.
Ouch. Really? They are kind of Papitos. Uh-oh. I'm going to die because I have to open the door for
Kendall. Um, just run over here and hope. I'm just fucked. I'm coming. One sec. Sacrifices. Kendall's
here. I'm going to finish up this area and then resume laying down. I'm sure I'll feel
better soon. It's not like that bad. It's just like a cold. Got me again. Now there's no graces to
worry about. They're lost forever. This guy really screwed me last time. How do you have a potting
gun? What the fuck? Oh my God. Sometimes this game, it just has a multi-claw attack that can kill
you in about a second. Cool. To be fair, I guess they're trying to stop me from doing what I'm
doing, which is just sprinting past all this stuff. That's me. That's me every time I fight one of these
birds or knights. I didn't get hit that time. That's good. I shouldn't have said anything.
That's me complaining. All right, birds. Cooperate with me this time, please.
You've had your fun. You've killed me several times. All right, we're sprinting past this
guy bravely. Sprinting away. I don't know why I bother with that stuff in here. Get the fuck out of
here, bird. This is not a bird place. He bravely ran away. Okay, he's not standing up. Oh, he is.
No, don't you do this to me, guys. Get fired on. He's too big to go through the door.
As is this bird. They're both fools. Don't they know they're just setting themselves up for science?
Yeah, science down there. Oh, he became smaller. He found life found away. Maybe he's stuck again,
but on this side. What's he doing in there, buddy? What? Okay. I use the darkest magic of all,
deload. What the fuck? Also, what's going on with this goblet? He went to goon for sure.
Banished to the goon realm. The gooning tree. Okay, well, this is probably about as clear as this
area is going to get for us. So I tricked that guy. I feel he didn't load back in though. Oh,
he did. He's way over there now. Oh, he's still damaged. All right, let's fucking, let's fucking
go, man. This is as damaged as I feel like I can get him. Oh my God. Do you see his life?
Mistakes. I was like, figured I just thought he was dead, but I should have known.
He was totally fine with one life or whatever the fuck he was at.
Hey, don't do it, man. I have too much to look for. Okay, well, we're gonna kind of
go to running through this area at least. Now you see the mistake that I regularly make in this
game, which is trying to play it. I should have just ran for it. Alive somehow. Okay, we use our
strategies of running away. You there. Fuck you. Oh, we woke up. Oh, is he in here now? Oh God,
he is. Yeah, the third bird bite is a real problem. That time I just, I gotta remember
to dodge towards those guys and then they're not that big of a deal. Not the big knights,
the little sleepy boys. I do feel like for your average player, this has been an experience I've
had in all these Dark Souls games. It does unfortunately incentivize you a little bit,
unless you're really patient to kind of just run through an area after you've died a few times.
It's just refighting the same enemies. So, so boring. But you know, then there's people
who can actually just play comp. Yeah, I see you, Potman. I'll be back for you. Don't worry.
Hello. You know what? Oh, is that a death? It's not death. What the frick? Running further away
was the secret. A broken rune, okay? This is the font of all piss. What the buglins?
Okay, this is what I'm trying to do. Oh man, so many bugs. Yeah, yeah, didn't the
Halyg tree have yellow, delicious yellow waters as well? I woke them up. Wrong one.
Okay, for the bug executioners. Oh, that double shot of them. Nice. These are a bunch of guy
boglins. I wonder what that guy's up to. I guess this. No. Oh, that's a mean one.
It's not. There's got to be some reason for this outdoor area, right?
It can't just be a miserable, piss-filled bug dead end. On the left? Dark Souls, please.
Oh, I see a thing. Oh, I can't. Oh wait, no, I don't see a thing. I thought I saw
a lever, but it was just a bug corpse. Seriously. There's nothing out here. Why,
darks? Oh, okay, never mind. Oh, wait, no, that's where we were before.
My Mephrenzee is working out for me. Oh, what the frick? Those are all the bugs I have,
not all the birds I have set earlier. Don't use your power of flight to go over that.
Invisible wall, please. Okay, well, we learned that it sucks down there. It's bad,
and I will probably die. Damn, I'd love to reach the end of this area, but
I might be running out of stamina. It's the first actual stamina I can get.
Oh, hello, my love.
Yeah, I said, it kept falling off there. Oh, I see. Okay, there's the big bad knight.
Trying to reach the end of this area, but it just keeps going on and on.
Okay, this guy, he keeps killing, because he's a nine-foot-tall sword superman.
I thought this came out tomorrow. I thought this came out tomorrow,
but it turns out it comes out today. It is, although I was going to do all of my,
leveling stuff today. Ignore all these guys, except you. Should have ignored any of them apparently.
No. Well, I guess that run we learned to the right is nothing good.
So maybe we go to the left. Yes, yes, sir. It's my, there's like a special flask that you
can use that gives you certain powers. And one of my flasks powers is like a
increased damage reduction buff that shows up as that little bubble.
But I think it's only good for one shot. But that is good sometimes, because, you know,
sometimes it's just one shot that totally murders you. Hey, guys, don't do your stuff, please.
Nice. Okay, we're running. We're getting so good at running away.
Okay, this guy's really going to chase us though. Hello, friend. He was a good friend.
Bubble, please. It's too slow on the bubble. See, the bubble did some damage negation there.
Now we just grab whatever this is and run away. Oh, what a surprise, a speardash.
The true power and skill is knowing when to roll away from lunging enemies.
What the fuck are you? Oh, I guess I have to see what you're dealing with this thing, right?
It's all cool looking. Hmm, better look at that thing go. Oh, sake of America. We progressed.
Yeah, no speed runners here, just cowardly running. All right, you there.
What, what do you think about this? Oh, he didn't like it that much.
Oh, wow, pretty good. Doing my crouch. What are you doing, man? This shit's kind of crazy.
Oh, I almost had him. I almost had him. I need to push up my glasses and be like,
I can see through all of your attacks. It's because we're in this moonless part of the game.
I don't even have the power of Ronnie with me. Blasting him with eye lasers a little bit,
help for sure. All right, I see you. Wow, he's so spinny. I gotta kill him. He's like, look at blade.
He's beckoning me to play the game better. He's like, come on, I'm a wolf.
He is so graceful. And I'm not meeting his grace. We start with some eye lasers, which
we will take damage. Or we won't. Yes, promising. Okay, dodge that. Pull on dodge of that.
There's a mistake. The breath was not it. Oh, also, earlier she could make those things automatic.
Dude, my soul is burning with the not so awesome power.
What the hell wrong button?
Real whirling dervish. Yeah, I like the enemy design.
It don't. You can't really track the movements very well of this gray character in this gray room.
Just wildly spinning. Oh, tough, but fair, tough, but fair. I don't know if I can beat this.
Put a bunch of toy cars on the stairs. That, if I could home alone this guy,
I'd be in business. Let's do this. Let me get off two of these, please. It did. That's nice of it.
Once it hits me once, I don't know how to get out of its attacks. Clearly.
Yes, if anyone can fight while doing cartwheels, it's not a fight worth taking. And I keep
taking it anyway. Give me those sweet, sweet zero runes. I really almost killed him that one time.
Oh, yes, get caught on the wall. This is just the break we need. Oh, stay there. Stay there. No,
you fucker. I had him for a second for a brief beautiful moment. That is crazy. He just
doubles up on those spinny attacks. I can't seem to go backwards with Bloodhound Step. I
almost always go to the side. Whatever specific angle I need to be hitting to go backwards, I am
not doing it. This is like my least favorite Soul's Born enemy, just the whirling dervish type
where you're just supposed to really, really, really, really, really wait for the right moment
to attack or you're just supposed to understand what the fuck. Run away. Wait, he's up there.
Charge it up. He almost jumped off. That would have been the only way to get the axe deal.
Yay! The sweet release of beating him once. I can't wait to try to run past him when
the next thing kills me. Wow, that guy barely gave me any runes. That is
insanely stingy. They really are worried about you leveling up too much in the DLC for some reason.
Hey, here we go. Yeah, that would have been, uh, then they could have really said,
it's like a whole new game. Oh, I don't have enough. Sacred Fragments.
What's up? I'm going to summon, I'm absolutely going to summon whoever this is.
By all means, help me out. Hello, Freya. There's like elements of this, uh, so far
where I'm quite like the look of it, but it is, is really similar to the palette of the base game.
You are right about that. And the assets are in a lot of hate cases, really, really similar.
All right. Is it this guy? Because I'm about to get my face punched.
They didn't take it well. That's a pretty cool alien mouth or mask. I'm not sure which it is.
Right. It's time to attempt to use the NPC friend. Whoa.
Get rotted up. Wow, that's my face, right? The AOE attacks do have my health, I'm always worried.
You weren't doing your job, Freya. I just needed you to distract it. Okay, we summon her again, I guess.
Come on, friend. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So close. I do actually think if I can get Rod on it,
I at least have a chance of getting to the second phase.
God, the summoning in this game. Why don't they just make the multiplayer work a little better?
I mean, it's fine. It's just so funny that you hit Y and then it's unclear if it even worked,
and then it very slowly gets on it. Okay, strike. Oh, he wasn't that strike. Uh-oh.
Oh, look at her go, though. The seamless co-op works well. Well, that's good to hear.
That's a step forward for these games. If co-op works in any reasonable way.
Okay, I don't think he one-shot me. I think I'd already been hit, so
I guess I get two-shotted, basically, by any of its attacks.
God, look, he's quite in range, though. I hope he seems to be routed.
And he is. Okay. Leave her alone. Wow, I do not.
Oh, he bad. I don't know what I can do about that.
Or do you? Blood. Oh, phase two. Oh, lightning phase.
That hurts him more than my other ship. I should probably respect my, uh,
gears. More empty after I have a little bit of that as well. Uh-oh, he has frostbite.
See? Oop, now I'm almost out of having her be alive.
Heal, my friend. Oop. Well, the tornado killed me. Well, hey, we made progress.
Probably I should try to poison him in the second half, too.
Meaning we need to go with our flask allocation strats.
All right. My darling. My only chance at beating this thing.
Movements are crazy, yeah. If you keep your distance, it's, um,
and you have something to distract it.
I guess at least his range isn't that crazy.
But if he decides he wants to attack you, he kind of just does.
Like, there. Oh, we're there.
We're back to him. We're back to him, my friend.
Please. Oh, those wind-ups get me every time.
Yeah, that wasn't doing a good job there.
Where was she? Freya, you need to be willing.
Look at this thing!
Howl's moving. Elden. Yeah, she needs to mix it up for me.
Come on, Freya. Don't make me summon an actual player character.
We need to do this. I'm staring you down.
There she is. All right. Yeah, there you go, good job.
Okay. Understandably, it was a little upset that I was
blowing the world's worst press and press at me.
Breath of the Asseld. Is he rotted? He is.
Now we switch to frenzy burst. What are you gonna do? What do you want to do?
What do you want to do? What do you want to-
What is that? What is that? What? Oh my god.
It's like I have to be at full health. Yeah, I really- I need to pull her into the dugout.
How did he get to a second phase? I guess that's not even a second phase attack.
It's just a thing he can do. He took me out of the cartwheel, yeah?
He's also good at spinning, which is bad for me.
Spinny, flippy attacks are hyper-effective. They're one of my weaknesses.
Oh, okay, so you have bad breath, too.
Freya, what are you doing, lady?
Get in there, man. Oh my gosh, Freya.
It's like Kratos. You don't get along.
Thank you. Who are we gotting? Oh, we got me again.
I definitely feel a little weak for this boss. Like, it's definitely beatable though,
but compared to some of the endgame fights previously, I think I might be a little
underpowered with my weapon. She's only level 16, I guess, so that does make sense.
Hi, weapon. Freya, I'm bringing him- I'm bringing him towards you.
Oh, bad breath.
Oh, he's too far away. Maybe a few poisons.
Yeah. Oh, save me, Freya.
Whoa, lady, get in there.
Wow, what? Wow, why did that- that's that strong of an attack?
Just him, like, body checking?
Yeah, I gotta keep a better eye on the friend.
Sometimes I feel like locking on in this game is- it's very helpful, obviously,
for actually hitting the guy, but for trying to get away from them,
maybe I should just stay locked off. Get over here. Freya, come on.
What are you doing? Come on.
She'll just come in eventually. Coming at her own pace.
I should have gotten her.
Huh? Maybe not, boys.
Look, it's- it's my friend. Oh, Freya, please. Please distract him.
Oh, boy. Pretty arena-spanning. Oh, he saw it coming from a mile away.
Still flippy.
Shit. All eyes on me. Oh, guys, please do something.
I need to hit it.
Get his attention again. Like that.
Get rotted on. Shit.
Frostbite.
The upgraded Rotten Breath is usually worse because of the angle it attacks from.
Do I have the upgraded one?
I just bought Rotten Breath. Oh, I have the regular one.
That was closer. We did do better that time.
You're opening attack, man. That shit again.
Wow, that's a lot of it.
I'm not going to heal until after I do this.
Oh, that's the price you pay. Damn, look at Freya just tanking that stuff.
I mean, my armor is also terrible. Maybe I just am too weak.
I could, worst case, switch to my other account and just respec into this stuff
because my first playthrough's character is way, way stronger, I think,
and has way more items.
But that feels, we're going to stay, we're going to stick with this guy.
It just doesn't feel right.
I do need a couple more Freyas.
Additional Freyas would be ideal.
My leaps. Oh, I didn't dodge it at all.
Okay.
Damn, when you went too far away.
Or not.
He is keep poised.
Freya, my girl.
Panic rolling straight off.
Out of pure luck there.
I'm going to get him Freya.
Just keep tanking hits.
Just keep lashing.
Freya, hold tight.
Your health is going down faster than his.
That's not good for us.
He's noticed me again.
Oh, boy.
Freya dead.
Man, I don't know if I can beat him without her.
It's going to be so hard to get off these stacks.
He's dead.
I'm going to use Boon for love.
Okay.
Oh, close.
Pretty close.
I can just blast him with science a little faster.
Oh, boy.
The good thing I talk to Freya.
Or this would be hopeless.
Or anything else.
I guess I could use, I haven't activated any of the arcs.
Lose all runes.
What do I have?
Loose rune acquisition.
Don't need that.
Item discovery.
Do not need that.
Boosting focus.
I guess that could be okay.
Oh, that's kind of good.
Elevates madness.
Maybe he hates sleep.
Oh, I can use some of these.
Wish I had rot darts and I could just pound those things into him.
But maybe I can, can you have multiple status effects?
Because then maybe I should.
I don't even have anything on my down equipped.
I'll try to poison his ass.
Double the poison.
Double the fun.
I will feel bad when I die and lose all those, though.
I know you want to jump at me.
How could you resist?
I'm so basic.
Freya!
Freya, it was hopeless that time.
Sometimes he notices that I'm the real issue.
Yeah, at least she's good.
I feel worse when she dies.
And then a bunch of other dimensions.
She's just still fighting this thing.
What's up, man?
Okay, the leap?
The big leap?
Oh, I should have poisoned it.
But it is.
Yeah.
How do I actually throw the darts in combat?
God, please.
Freya, my love, please.
Put a humble span of science eyes.
I couldn't figure out how to throw my darts.
Maybe I just equip it to an arm ember and slug.
Can I even do that?
Oh, how do I throw these fucking things?
I legitimately don't know.
I could have sort of hold down L.
But that's my bloodhound stuff in this case.
That's wild that I still don't know how to do, like, basic things in this game.
Um, how to use consumables.
I'm just gonna look it up.
Sign a new item to a quick select pouch by scrolling over it by default.
Should be...
Yeah, that's what I was hitting.
How am I doing wrong?
Oh, okay.
They just wasn't holding it long enough?
Wee!
All right, Freya.
Let's for sure win this thing.
Please.
Attack.
Attack.
And then another attack.
I'm using such a cheap strategy, and I'm still not winning.
I got him real low, and I haven't used blood, though.
I could run in there and try to kill him with some blood.
Some blood loss.
All right, that's how I remember it.
Fuck, I can hit him.
There we go.
There we go, Freya.
Is he poisoned?
Uh-oh.
Where does that go?
All right, he's probably about to get pissed.
Rot him up again.
Oh, why is that on me?
Freya?
You're gonna want to help me, right?
You love to help?
Yes.
Very good.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, we're actually doing kind of well.
Get full health.
Oh, get frickin' science.
Woo!
We did it.
We cheated him to death.
Divine peacehead.
I can wear that?
That's pretty fun.
It's all worth it.
It's all worth it to put this on.
Wow, it really drops my focus.
Oh, no.
It's possible we should have gone with whatever build ends with us wearing this.
That is a hilariously big head.
Congratulations from Soft.
You've done it again.
I mean, I've kind of enjoyed the expansion up till now,
but I'm officially ready to declare it a masterpiece.
America took everything from us.
And why?
We were just peaceful, reasonable people,
living true off the land,
and, you know, doing some of the lion horn stuff.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm literally about to save and then quit
because I just beat the boss.
It is horror animal.
I'm a muppet now.
Look how big my head is.
I really kind of wanted to wear this.
Maybe we just go re-spec and do a...
What would this even be good for?
What does this even do?
Let's look up the lore here, actually.
Oh, I'm a switch view.
No, not that.
Ritual headwear in the form of a divine beast's head
used to perform the lion dance,
worn by the very finest of the sculpted keepers.
Alas, it no longer responds to the old woman's earnest prayer.
Divine innovation heightens intensity
of the storm alongside strength and dexterity,
but reduces the restorative effect
of drinking from a flask of sacred tears.
Focus is also traveled by wearing this headwear.
And that's the lore of this divine beast head.
It was worn by the finest of sculpted keepers.
And now, just me.
Okay, well, if I play any more tonight,
I'll probably do it off stream and not do the expansion.
I will just try to grab a couple more
stones to give it to make my weapon,
hopefully a little more ready to tango.
And I might need better armor or something.
I don't know.
Not sure.
I definitely get absolutely smashed by like one attack.
That's fine.
That's fine.
We did our best and that's all we can hope for.
You can hope for much more.
Get out of these filthy shadow lands.
You know the only shadow you need to worry about?
The one cast on the dark side of the moon.
I know that's how you feel.
Yes, that's how I feel.
And that says how I feel.
Let's see who's on.
Let's quit out of this game and raid someone.
Who is active?
Um, should I raid like a Dark Souls streamer
that is actually really good?
No, I should raid Danksauce.
Or I'll raid Danksauce.
I clicked on Danksauce first,
but Psychor is also on.
So go check out either.
Uh, yeah, thanks for hanging out.
Hopefully tomorrow I'll be back to normal.
Fingers crossed.
It's the curse of Disney.
When you enter Disney, it claims a piece of you.
And I'll never get it back,
but I might recover anyway.
Um, where's our Dark Souls beat?
Just send us out of here.
Um, Dark Souls trap beat.
I need this thing on demand.
I gotta download this.
Oh, this is a freestyle type beat.
Dark Souls.
You can tell how Dark Souls-y this is.
Look at how insanely Dark Souls-y this is.
YouTube beats.
They never disappoint me with the thumbnails.
Incredibly consistent with the thumbnails.
I'll do it for today.
Send us out of here moon lady.
Moon tune.
Don't worship the moon.
Ah, let's believe that you're a dude.
Ha ha.
Ronnie on the track.
Of course, Ronnie starts rapping.
Just lightening a little bit of rap.
It's actually just the ancient rhyme.
Okay.
Bye everybody.
Have a great night with Danksauce.
Ooh, Disney.
Case got sick at Disney.
But that's all.