I am absolutely shocked that that worked other exciting news I don't think I
can stream on X anymore because I'm not a verified account and I think they
switched it over do I dare to purchase a verified account I don't think I do so
I might just gracefully bow out of streaming on X yeah there wasn't any
news so I don't really know what there is even worth talking about oh baby we're
loading up today we just had a big stream Teflon Ted go check out cast some
stream I think it was a solid one we're trying to call in show it went pretty
smoothly all things considered there's definitely still some kinks to work out
some hot kinks to work out but on the whole I was very I was very happy with it
yeah nothing more cringe than a check mark on X I don't know I just don't know if I
can I don't know if I can stomach doing that to everybody having to see me with a
blue check mark next to me maybe I can buy an even hotter check mark what there's
been a hype train going this whole time I didn't even know I didn't realize that
the graphics work like that assuming that it would that it started while I was on
a different channel well hey that just know the hype train is rattling along let
me thank some people for dropping some hot support then we'll get into some
stuff again there's no news to talk about so thank you so much everyone for
the support and for checking out cast some stream and the insane chance that
you know who I am and not cast some go-tech outcast I'm doing a stream over
there with him are you okay you know people were giving me some cheese while
you weren't even that's great it was great I feel great he feels great thank you
it's me human for the follow thank you one day blinding stew for the follow
thanks to cast for the raid thank you just some attic for the five damn Pepino
that's too much you know that I think that's too much Jesus you got over there
fast all right J credible thank you for the 20 months man we're getting close to
the 21 we can almost drink in months big FTW thank you for the 20 months raccoon
resident thank you for the follow dr. cool giving out five community subs I had
no idea all this was going on thank you Matt for the shout out skate and Eric
thank you so much for the 13 months hundred bits from Skimer hundred bits
from Shadowflame oh my god I guess I have to check in with the hype train given
all that is currently happening why wouldn't you check in with me things are
going fucking crazy there's been a lot of subs okay thank you for the follow let's
get some train tracks just some classic we'll get some presidential trap beats
going again for while I read these cuz there's more than I thought to get
through this doesn't have the most classic this does not have a bugs
bunny smoking a simple a spliff but I will give this track a chance anyway this
track ain't shit there's no bugs but he's poking a spliff but that doesn't
stop Shadowflame from giving the hundred bits King of bacon yes we're giving
the 18 months resubbing resubs for five months they've been subscribed for 18
months I don't even know they're giving us two months totals here I think they're
right thank you destructive one 15 months also thanks again to dr. cool for
the five five community subs that's fucking huge thank you although to
destructive one for the 15 months 15 months showing is exactly me love people
are here to see a train case not you possible possible some people are
here specifically for the train I think it's extremely likely Apple Apple 100
bits dilemma 100 bits bring in the hits bonus salad seven months
seven King of bacon 100 bits okay but 100 bits I will do what you want
sort of rapping sort of rapping and finally
sliding into you people can slide into a train without a big sexual action we're
built to be rid not everything's about sex case fair enough and smoke packs also
smoke packs okay it's a hyper even still going oh god it is I'll never die
there's no way I would ever die case oh god he actually hit level five
still fucking easy level five side tricks keeping my ass alive but also dropping
the hot fucking five propaganda yes baby you know you can get inside as a
non-sexual train is off the tracks it is hyping all over the place immediate he
unlocked the level two weird screen thing the weird screen thing is now at
level two oh look here's a fucking music classic beat I know it must be because
it's got it's got fucking Rick I see what the hype train means look at Rick he's
not smoking a spliff though he's just got some goo leaking out of his mouth
throughout the mouth Rick out the house go down the blouse but you want to do
what does any of that mean I don't have to mean anything case this is a new
stream okay what's that 100 fucking bits apple trap will drop it all the
bits like they are fucking bricks high train level five achieve this fucking
believe I'm a rap all day just watch me fucking breathe like yeah yeah whisper
you can't even he couldn't cling to whispering 24-hour rap stream myself to do
my eight-hour debate stream now that the hut none of the custom stream actually
works though and we're level six I really should uh whatever you want to do at
level 25 hype train that is an insanely ambitious hype level that I never
expect chat to hit maybe Sunday 20 years from now the debate stream I was
waiting tell what I moved you'll be shocked to hear this chat still
incredible don't do my voice I can do your voice Jesus still incredibly
unclear if I'm ever gonna move so I think I'm just gonna start planning it
for the end of July maybe we'll do it kind of like start of August Deb eight
stream I'm hoping to have some guests but I wanted to get all the cast and stuff
working you know seeing it all together it's not even really seem like that much
stuff but it took so long to get all those fucking assets and make everything
work some would say that I could have just I don't know use two cameras they
said moving purgatory I really am I feel like Rick here I'm just shaking I'm
just gonna move into here look how much space is in this studio I think we
should do some news hype train I'll do fucking news I got two minutes left to
live I don't what I mean what can I even add to the Trump stuff I guess we could
talk about JD Vance maybe we can get to know JD Vance today hype train just
join me at the desk I guess and we'll attempt to do some news cases trapped
in the void I do feel like I'm trapped in my apartment not in this stream
okay let me open up the discord I have not been keeping up with the discord
news a picture of Casem's face I'll stretched out if you ever want to if
there's any viewers haven't checked out the stream before hey if you donate
bits you can feed Pepito cheese listen up Jack skimmer just mama jam 300 shiny
tasty coins and I've been dying to say this I'm stepping aside so hyper train can
be our new nominee a graciously accept I'm now running for president that's the top
story can the hype train get trapped in a piece of wood like Jeb's dad if I
wanted I mean until I die you've got about a minute I honestly you might die
before even pull up a story I do have this stuff open now yes I am bad at
focusing but you can go to the cream dot team and add any story you'd like me to
cover to the bin threads there's various threads the main one is for all of our
standard news let's I guess let's pull up a JD Vance interview who the Wall
Street Journal will explain this to us I have a negative opinion of JD Vance
purely based off the hillbilly elegy which I think is in a very kind of
gross oh my god maybe you can wrap over JD Vance over this JD Vance
stuff oh that's the worst beat I've ever heard of well let's give it a shot though
let's let's absorb some JD Vance information courtesy of the Wall Street
Journal let's just see has had a meteoric rise in the Republican Party thank you
so much thank you so much for the 10 community subs case no sold that like a
fucking asshole but that's crazy that's what you get if you fucking crazy 10 that
your reward because of case is now you have to watch information about JD Vance
whatever happened to CV loves you I don't know what he loves you forever baby the
amount of support CV loves you's offered has bought them a lifetime of
support for me in the hype train 16 I'm a never Trump guy I never liked him
the US Senate seat at age 38 and now he's former president Donald Trump's
running mate like Donald Trump in 2024 God bless you sir a creature of the new
Republican Party that Trump has shaped in his image by picking Vance Trump is
showing he's doubling down on this MAGA agenda it's a full-throated populist
national conservative ticket here's why the Trump fans ticket is a big deal for
the future of the MAGA movement and the GOP JD Vance first catapulted after he
published his memoir hillbilly elegy detailed his experience growing up
poor in Rust Belt Ohio and making it to Yale Law School it was a smash hit and
became a Ron Howard directed movie in 2020 I know I could have done better but
we're trying to paint the this white nationalist movement as a movement
primary damn the chat absolutely roasting your ass case
chat take it easy I have a beard yeah I have scraggly hair and I'm generally a
round white guy but what else looks like him
of poor and working class Americans when the truth is that the alt-right is
actually led by better educated and frankly pretty well-to-do people in
his initial foray into the spotlight Vance was very much anti-trump his
book made clear that he was a conservative many people latched onto it
as an explanation for Trump's sort of surprise success in the Republican Party
and then in the election when Vance launched his campaign his stance on
Trump underwent a big shift I fully appreciate the president's appeal
yeah he said some bad things about me but that was before he knew me and then
he fell in love he even described himself to me in one interview as a flip-flop
flipper on Trump saying that he had similar policy views but was against Trump
as a person until he realized that Trump was advocating for the policies that he
supported okay let's get the one let's get the side by side here we need a
close-up of JD Vance where is it there's too many there's not enough close-up
of bearded JD Vance I'm gonna find a better picture don't worry case I'm
gonna find a better picture of JD Vance to put you next to it I don't look that
much like bearded JD Vance there's no way although maybe I can just sneak in there
and I can get my radical leftist agenda passed through Congress if I just body
snatch JD Vance I don't even have to invasion I don't even have to like
brain swap them I can just kind of wear some blue contacts and just walk
into the White House nobody will know alright let's see he has blue eyes I
have longer hair I'm I can't even say I'm better looking you know with the side
by side and especially cuz we're both wearing fucking blazers and white
shirts this is this is brutal for me I think I might I think I might need a
new haircut we even have unkempt hair in the same annoying non-tryhard way it's
the eyes our eyes are at least damn it they're both lidded well his eyes are
blue this is an appropriate place for the hype to end I think I might have to go
back to blonde I think I might I just have to lose a ton of weight you know
what I just have to get ripped I think this is finally the fitness motivation
I need to not look like JD Vance I think I have to start working out intensely and
the hype train died by the way the hype train is fully dead well thanks to all
the support from someone who doesn't look anything like fucking JD Vance as
you can see I look nothing like him what a relief I look fucking I look sexy as
shit chuts here you better fucking believe it yeah that's too long since I
heard this song but cut it off we got to talk about the news and you don't want
to hear your own song there's too much news too much shit happened and I haven't
been doing I usually I do Skylines lately so I've barely done news but thank
you so much for the level 7 hype 54% of the community contribute 32 gifted
subs case you ungrateful piece of shit I am grateful thank you all so much
ungrateful fucking piece of shit case barely thank you but I'll thank the
shit out of you we're gonna go to the movies we're gonna go around the net
we're gonna do it all but first we have to learn who fucking JD Vance is
although apparently it's just case so I'm guessing he's like a liberal dude
with a small to medium-sized twitch stream no he's a he's a fucking
he's a politician and want to be well I guess an actual writer even if I
don't like his writing well let's continue whatever boring thing you were
making everyone watch about this man that is you that is officially case let's
continue crane and that caught the eye of Trump's inner circle what a no-fly zone
it sounds nice like we asked the Russians not to fly planes over Ukraine
what it means in practice is American Marine Corps pilots Air Force pilots
and Navy pilots getting in dogfights with Russian jets which the problem with
that is it's not in our vital national interest that impressed Donald Trump
Jr. and he began advocating for Vance's can oh my god he got it via the son this
is the first time Donald Trump Jr. has has accomplished anything if JD Vance
becomes president because of Donald Trump Jr. you know shut up to a fellow man
he had some cocaine addiction issues speaking of addiction listen to
Christ Papito microphone a 900 just Mama Jam 750 shiny tasty coins and I've been
dying to say this I didn't do anything having a library I was eating no ice
cream well get off get off Biden's back he just cleared his name you could not
shoot someone while eating ice cream I mean nobody thinks he shot him
himself you mean the conspiracy train I actually think it's not a conspiracy at
all personally it's way more likely it's just incompetence and a weird kid but
like I'm often wrong Biden does sound good he sounds good there we need to get
this Biden on the stage whatever Biden you've got case does sounds slightly more
articulate well you know I can lend some of my Biden tech if the Democratic
Party really needs it anyway sorry we keep I keep interrupting you but it's just
because it's hard to look at two cases at once this is JD Vance saying more things
let's get let's better know a VP candidate and it is C including with his
father we are Trump's unique I guess I'm not really conservative politics has been
reshaping the core tenants but I'm brave and bold party since he was
elected in 2016 like tighter borders and a retreat from the world stage he's
changed the GOP so much that the Republican National Committee recently
revamped its platform to a new stripped-down version one that focuses more
on Trump himself than on specific policy decisions okay Trump has been
changing all of those stances to the point where many older Republicans feel
it's no longer recognizable at the same time a movement has arisen in Trump's
image that believes in his policies and believes that the Republican Party
should be reshaped in his image believers in this movement referred to
there's explaining the mega movement take Trump's impulses and turn them into
doctrine Vance has become one of their leading voices oh I see the American
people again they need people who put the interests of their own citizens first
of our own citizens first and that's what this entire movement is all about I
will say much like case I think he's realized he looks slightly better with a
beard and he's sticking to it and I do think that was a smart move I don't
think he'd be the VP candidate without this beard because that face is just two
unsettlingly egg-shaped and the beard just covers that up the 10% that that it
needs to to make him barely stomachable to look at much like case and I think
that's what the Trump presidency will be about if we give him another shot as I
expect that we will when Trump selected Mike Pence to be his running mate that
was a pick very much intended to reassure Republican voters Pence being
a traditional conservative and evangelical with someone who regular
Republicans who saw Trump as sort of an RV East in their party could look at
Pence and say all right that's someone I can trust fast forward to 2024 it's
clear that Trump no longer sees a need to share power with that wing of the
Republican Party that's a good point Banzai that he was not but four years
ago saying he was literally a never Trump but I've always been annoyed by
the word literally because I don't actually read that much but people
still say it to me a lot and also hypocrisy has too many syllables in it so
I'm glad that those two things are kind of dead you know literacy and
hypocrisy and that's why I'm not surprised by this move and I like I'm
not gonna vote for him but like I'm like okay I can kind of see it right
after Trump's attempted assassination in July Vance was one of the first
Republicans to publicly cast blame boy thanks for the rate the shooting as
Republicans unite around the Trump Vance ticket after the July 13th attack
Democrats remain in disarray following President Biden's disastrous debate
performance in June oh here's a clip Biden has vowed to stay despite
continuing calls from fellow Democrats to step away from his place man there's
really no way to fix it every clip of him looks like they're trying to do a
hit piece on him because he just looks that old he looks like he's already in the
fucking hall of presidents and the met and the animatronic is malfunctioning
that's incredible it's just brutal every time there if you haven't seen him for a
cup for like a day and then you see a clip of Biden it's a jump scare every
fucking time the top of the ticket I think there's a whole pool of voters
there in the center of the electorate who really are not being spoken to by
either candidate because of the way these tickets have shaped up
Senators Marco Rubio from Florida and Tim Scott from South Carolina were
also contenders on Trump's VP short the aviators are like Biden's beard
they're Biden's JD Vance beard it covers up enough of his face in his dead
hollow eyes I do think he should wear those 24-7 and also maybe just lie and
say that he's blind and then that's why he's always stumbling around and like
needs to be led by the arms of his wife I think you just kind of solved its
shortlist both could have appealed more to minority voters something that
Trump has historically struggled with choosing Vance allows Trump to shore up
support among the white working class Ohio is also part of the rust belt and
the most crucial states in this election are those rust belt states that white
working-class vote is a vote that is also very crucial throughout those
rust belt battlegrounds there is a hope by some of Vance's backers and some
on Trump's team that he could potentially galvanize those voters even more
than Trump already does to juice Republican turnout in those states what
was the Russia collusion hoax it was about destroying Donald Trump this
ridiculous New York fraud weren't you about destroying him destroying the
guy's wealth before he re-enters the Oval Office he is really a bet on the
future as well a bet on the future of the Republican Party and a bet on the
future of the populist conservative movement Trump would never say he's
anointing a successor but Vance was decades younger than the other
potential picks that were under consideration for vice president the
youth using such a young person to be on the ticket with him there's an
unavoidable implication that Trump has sort of chosen an heir chosen someone
to take the mantle of that MAGA movement and go forward with it
whether it's as a future president himself that is why or simply as
someone who is poised to exert great influence in the Republican Party
continuing to shape it along those populist conservative lines for years
or potentially decades to come well now we know you getting psyched for what
uh we've all been invited to the Vance
play a fucking play a track congratulations everybody
we've all been invited to the Vance and I for one
can't wait to put on my Vancing shoes and hillbilly elevate
our country to greatness you're gonna vote for the Trump ticket no no
no i was just trying it out i mean i already sound kind of like conservative
i think and i am the white working class you're the white working class
yeah because my dad has given me many jobs
and i've worked some of them did they lose the twitch streamer vote with this
case the white twitch streaming class i think they'd
already lost my vote but um is there candy and kitties in
vance well i can't encourage you to hit them like a
pinata but yes um trump just wants someone who is
loyal enough to refuse to certify an election he lost
well clearly jd vance's opinions are very malleable so
uh he's changed his mind before i like defining yourself as literally a
never-trumper to use the word literally stop using that word it
doesn't matter anymore you can literally be a never-trumper
and then literally be his vice presidential candidate and the
hypocrisy literally does not matter to anyone apparently
it's fucking vover but vance over it works better for joe
oh joe ver yeah but it doesn't make sense about well it's joe ver
you changed your mind about 17 times a day that's the that's the sign of a
powerful mind always shifting like the sands of a
cult of a of a of a beautiful sand sculpture of a castle
you get what i mean i actually don't uh i don't get it
well trump finds out vp vance is one of jd's crazy twitch characters
i maybe he'll accidentally turn on my twitch stream through some insane
you know series of circumstances and he'll think that i'm his vice presidential candidate
and then he'll be offended by the things i say and kick him off the ticket
that's not going to happen probably anyway that's who jd vance is
can we let's watch a clip of him talking with the hillbilly elegy
or let's see i'm just gonna type in hillbilly elegy scene
what is the deal with that it's about um
a fucking guy who gets into yale and uses that as pretense to make a movie about how
or white people are trash but you can escape that's not what it's about
it's kind of what it's about it's it's clearly about a guy who's like
desperate to socially climb out of out of the circumstances and on the way down
is making white you know less
affluent southern people look like shit that's my take on it
your jd vance nor laxing his vision is based off movement
like a t-rex that's how we saw that bullet coming and he dodged
you know let's just watch the well i'll let i'll let uh Trent watch the trailer
for for hillbilly elegy hillbilly elegy be somebody
okay here's a clip this is everything you need to know about jd vance
this is a young jd vance playing himself i've decided
you got to take care of business you got to go to school you got to get good grades
to even have a chance mom was the best in her class
what's the point i'm talking about wait a minute this kid you might not make it
but you won't if you don't try why do you even care what i do
i ain't gonna live forever it's the real trend
who's gonna take care of this family when i'm gone
no i thought your mama was gonna be all right be happy too good
but she got tore up around here this this is winning me over actually i've
never seen this movie stop trying i know i could have done
better i need to see this kid act more
look close you're great but you you got to decide
you want to be somebody or not
dude that's such a bummer that that's probably going to work
that he made a movie about how he was broke but now he's somebody
he has he so has the energy of a kid who desperately wants to be president from
the time they're like five and thinks if he gets a b he'll never be
and somehow that strategy is actually panning out
into him being vp which historically means you have a decent chance
of being president that's great that's a crazy this is this reality is
indeed extremely dumb as people like to point out
biden seems alert he's getting you know what not my brother that's a great
point biden looks really strong here he's clear he's
articulate and clearly he's reaching across the
aisle he's talking directly to the vp candidate
and i think this is exactly the kind of biden we need i take it back he
doesn't need aviators he needs huge seemingly upside down
glasses that's my america what's your america
whatever i just said oh well i've said all i need to say i'm actually a man of
great concession decision concessities and so that's
all the news for me today we need to go to the webs to watch dumb videos
to clear our minds out to absorb more news and thus i say back to the news
to you of which i have been jet goodbye
yeah i've had just about enough of the news
let's watch the video let's watch the little videos that aren't news
the most valuable function of the stream ripping off around the net
okay um i'm gonna send it over there i think i've run through everything every
all of my little co-hosts have uh aided me already
in doing it so maybe we'll cycle back to jeff like give him a shot
let's uh go ahead and send it amongst the webs
you didn't have absolutely everybody case
i think it's time for an actual unique perspective on this stream
the castle owning class of spanish transylvania is woefully underrepresented on
this stream and i think it's time that you do
better the vile count sellers are yes i came in
and you can't stop me i'm too fast i'm standing on a
little platform to be high i'm still i have stills in my shoes
stills in your shoes sorry my shoes and instil that's how i'm so tall
i feel like a giant boy like a jd vance your jd vance
you kind of look like beardless jd vance with white hair
we don't look at anything i look more like glenn close without the glasses
you know you need blonde hair he's back back again
like m&m he's bringing back uh he's bringing back the classics
okay let's go amongst let's go amongst these webs aren't we already amongst them
look at that gorilla he's fucking going what the frick what did i do
oh there we go he's jamming out we do need our track thank you for doing that
all right amongst the webs um i think i'll start from the bottom and go up
and we'll just we'll hit apologies if you ever post anything that i don't get to
in here i try to go by username and just click on
ones that are from different users but we'll watch a bunch today
maybe we don't talk so much today sellers are i haven't been on this stream in
fucking months i don't get to i don't get to talk
sorry i i ate a bunch of bugs before this
so my stomach's a little fucked up but fine
i'll kill her no filler i'll keep my comments concise let's see what the
let's see what we're working with today this looks like a fucking sick dj
shit i've eaten a lot of djs
it's a great way to get high without buying drugs you just eat a dj
and then you just get you know second hand whatever from their blood
anyway that's a little sell is our trip tip let's get in here
into it they're not into it what is happening
what wait when did that fall down did it fall down off camera
oh my gosh look at all those humans about to get
squished into delicious blood yes very much drop the base drop the base
right on your fucking head i love it when humans get smushed
you like the part where they got smushed i like how much they were going to get
smushed for me that was a that was a
highlight anyway you can rate that one to five
exclamation point one through sorry to ten one to ten
exclamation point one to ten to rate that one
you can indeed rate it well uh thoughts and prayers with our
it's to the to the dj chudakudi melana sorry for saying your name wrong
probably i mean honestly it's kind of hype right
it's like a concert going experience when the stage is so close to you it's
literally crushing you it's on your head i agree we both agree we both love to
see humans get smushed now that's not the part i like
i was trying to make a joke and i'm trying to say i legitimately like to
my castle is full of collapsing rooms that's true a five point eight six
are contingent less on board with humans getting smushed
but medium on board and that's a starting point you know like jd events we
cannot change our mind with a little bit of effort let's watch a
elephant do a thing it's just an elephant oh my god can we show this
can we show this i thought i was the only one with
tentacles that randomly pop out of my body i don't know if i could show that
but it's too late now there was another elephant behind him scratching his
stomach with their trunk that's impressive that's she
humans can't do that i mean buzzbug guys we can't do that
us bug guys are packing all sorts of appendages
yeah i don't know which part of that you're rating chat
but you're allowed to rate that one to ten that's a straight 10
it's more like a 20 20 fucking inches of heat
might be more than that boy just a trunk the size of a penis the size of a
human is a lot it's a lot to work with i might have
to start watching these videos before i play them
it's a breach i'm sorry you have been missing then
but don't worry you've only missed something that might have gotten me banned
if i had more viewers he could get you banned with still less viewers
believe in yourself thanks us thank you so much for the hundred
this man papito is flying today a 9.22 damn
i mean i think it's fair i if i had if i was rocking that thing i guess i'd be
dead all my blood would go to it and i would die
you humans don't have enough blood that is one of my complaints you know
you were a human too once yeah once
again like jd vents all of us can change okay everybody loves
jd events today um here's a little classic space ghost clip
why not roll out the classics we're going coast to coast
for real greeting citizens i'm space ghost what do you get when you cross a
zombie with a raven a very dead bird yes sir that is a doornail that is
what you get yeah who's the easter also visiting tonight is my granddad
all the way from bokeh return sunshine state oh yeah that's like randy savage
well it's not zorak it's my granddad okay so you can just shut up about that
zorak yeah you tell him teddy well it looks like you with a
pasted on beard it's not zorak okay those are real hairs i can
see him from here who's that little runt over there is that blip no grandpa
that's zorak i'm doing blip i need to start you out
with some jinnah stay away from the old fool who's that redheaded
fellow over there that's maltar my director maltar from the ovens of
maltor i'm at your brother wants to steal key
oh man we've been like a woman after my patented
pow driver yeah your dad remembers me
oh yeah what was that you don't know space ghost
you don't know you don't know the classic adult swim stuff i don't
he's a ghost i mean i'm familiar with ghosts
this doesn't translate to spanish transylvania what kind of cartoons do you
get dilbert spanish transylvania and dilbert
mostly well that's a classic not spanish
transylvanian dilbert but space ghost i'm guessing it's given how much i
watched it as a kid probably somewhat of an inspiration for what i'm currently
doing i don't know if that's a compliment to
space ghost but definitely influenced by sense of
humor i haven't seen it in too long honestly my
opinion still holds up i could watch just a couple animations they have in some
flapping mouths all day yeah he was more of a cartoon planet
guy oh yeah cartoon planet courage the cowardly
pomeranian that's why we had his banished transylvania
we got some high scores in here today all right i'm gonna keep it rolling
we got some videos to get through yeah you have you heard of nature
i've heard of it well it's amazing according to this
flip let's find out why that's it see that transition there
you jump on jump when i move you move oh go move move move move
what how strong is that gate
they thought it follows resident evil rules but it turns out
random invisible walls and unpassable gates are actually a feature of spanish
transylvania and select dimensions and laboratories
oh that's the thing that happens in spanish transylvania yeah there's just
unexplained parts of my country where there's like a tiny
fence and you just can't go past it that's something you get used to living
in you know my beautiful homeland makes sense actually
damn they really they were so they were so confident
the language barrier i need to just let i need to plug chat into my brain
come up with these hot puns also you have all the space ghosts
on uh flash drive nice i'll go filter k the only show i have on a flash drive is
the uh cut down version of one piece
but that's one of my favorite flash drive possessions
like reserve famously known to not be able to climb trees those are trees
how could they figure out a fence that quickly they're getting smarter and
smarter okay i don't know what this is
from live in sleazy it's got a lady in it that i think
you know she could be creating some fans in chat i'm hoping it's not going
anywhere too sexual but let's give it a shot oh wow
i like they look at this human they look like they have blood in time that i
could drink you call this twerking but it was originally
known as mapuka which quite literally means the same thing
mapuka or twerking has the power to what
stagnant blood from the uterus and even fibroid cysts
not only that but i think i'm paying attention to what she's saying
to your sacrochakra okay so this is how we gain more creativity so
whatever you're dealing with low self-esteem creative block or
womb trauma i encourage you to practice mapuka
you're welcome and i love you it's like she's shaking up a milkshake of blood
that's your takeaway oh that blood getting shook around
wow um you can rate that one
go ahead and rate it if you'd like i mean
or you pay did you catch what she said yeah if i have womb trauma
i need the mapuka get down that book of my
what's the piglet version of mapuka okay great well i you know an informative
video i thought it was going to be sexual turns out it was 100
information and that's why this is a news stream
about the news anybody not giving that the 10 is lying to themselves
there were definitely some 10 aspects of that stream or a straight six
i'm full of blood so i'm actually erect a lot
you i mean i don't have a penis i have a bunch of tentacles but
blood is what makes me stand up straight
okay you back them up from your old vhs collection
and you got them to a flash drive that is next level digital transfer congratulations
okay this is uh boy this is a trump thing let's see where this goes
i feel like she ran out of steam let's let's watch that back one more time
this the one we're watching twice wait i don't know who woe vicki is
sometimes when people with a thick enough accent say maga it sounds
like they're trying to say a racial slur
it's just might be the tone of the voice it just sounds
rep for a nice racial slur well a not nice one
oh what are the nice ones i i misspoke okay
a zeros you can actually vote zero have you ever had a zero we had a zero the
other day and it looks like this one managed to
escape zero but just so you know chat you can
vote zero i'm unfamiliar with woe vicki and i think i might stay that way
you don't want to look into whatever that wise
i'm good is the trump's all in there so she can use the carpool lane
you know that would be a good use of it that's what i should use puffy bear for
i gotta get him back from castles place i was gonna do it when i move but
you want to move into i have a lot of rooms in my castle
just past the spinning blades and the trap doors and the room that collapses with
the spikes i have a little closet that's about the size of most people's houses
i'm okay i don't really want to move to spanish transylvania let's uh keep
going with hair oh my god
humph for the cheapest ring on the nigga ring a little bitch
how to fill when that spane to be in my domain
out of mother bitch oh draw three dollars on the ring
cause it's been in chart love bish well i see that again what the
fuck his life is good you know what i mean
right
hug down for the cheapest ring on the nigga ring a little bitch
how to fill when that spane to be my demand
out of my business who draw three dollars on the ring cause it's been
a truck love bitch i don't know what was happening there
Was that tied to his hair at all or was that just like a big prosthetic on his head
Well, maybe he has a bug in him and that's the bug coming out of his head
Some of us have bugs in us only you and other people that I live with I don't like to have a magic trick explained to me, so
5 for confusion. Yeah, that seems fair. I maybe should have exclamation point confusion and it just gives it a random score
Shane boy productions. Thanks for the raid. That's the second
Damn Shane's popping in and out. Okay, uh, let's
Keep it rolling. That was a seven. That seems fair
I was impressed, but I don't know why and that feels like a seven to me. Yeah, that seems fine
Here's some more
Important information
Does that hurt her wait, let's see that again, I need to watch some of these back
She got fucking Newman by a double lasso raptor
That's beautiful
And a little whimpering cry at the end
That's one of my favorite things when you hurt the human and their brain catches up with it, and they're like
That's one of the fun noises you guys make
It's gonna ignore you saying that and
Move on mission point one to ten if you want to rate that one looks wow
Okay, we're gonna do a couple more
We're kind of catching up to where we left off last time now. Oh
My god, this is courtesy of psychor
And I am curious
We got some slightly hornier ones today in chat. Let's see if this one follows the trend
What I don't see anything weird
There's a person in a normal suit helping out some bugs
That does seem like your kind of thing very much my kind of thing
Good to work everybody
Is that sexual?
I
Can I you know that's a smart strategy
I gotta say the person who submitted it so I can blame them if things go south, but I for one support bug lady
Leather leather mommy bug lady
Be lady. There's a be lady
Be mommy
Be movie
That's my favorite be movie. I've seen in a while. Okay. Let's uh, let's go to a commercial
But not really this is a video someone submitted this courtesy of Daggett, but it is a commercial I think
One channel
Wow, I'm gonna let's just let that play again if you don't have a
Speakers that convert things to mono. They also forgot to add any audio to the left channel
And I think that really pushes it over the edge for me
So come right down
That's how I don't look like JD Vance I need the haircut from these people
That's a 9.2
And that's a rating for the haircut they were just that good. I think they look great. I
Really like the style
Look, it's my beautiful hair. That's where I actually fly into America to have them do it
How much holding gel do you have in that?
Whatever's going on up there. I mean not that this isn't really hair
it's
cubes
cubes or hair. Yeah, but it's had my they're like tentacle head cubes
My head is a penis now
The bug made my head into a penis and I had to actually draw this face on it
Your whole face is drawn on. Yeah
You know, I'm just not gonna think about how that works
Because I don't think it does and we'll just move right along to whatever this is
Find someone who looks at you the way this lady is looking at this pole
That's romance right there
true romance
Could do drawing the face on the front of my head. I'd say for drawing a face on your face
On your penis head. You've actually done a decent job. Really?
Because sometimes I look in the mirror and I do still see mostly penis
Also weird that my penis has hair growing right at the top of it
But I learned a lot when I became a bug man and that was one of the things
I did have to draw the face on with a knife and also use a human face
not really
Drawing I approve of okay. We're gonna do one more
Let me scroll through here and really try to just pick a winner. All right. I don't know what this is
It kind of looks like
Okay, for a second. I thought this one's doctor disrespect. It's fortunately not and doesn't look anything like him
So we'll see what this is
I hate texas and it's about how my ex would not stop playing apex legends
What I hope you like it
I feel like I'm missing some context here
I say in there
We'll let the chat rate it
I'm gonna I'm gonna check for one more not that that wasn't a winner
But I am just curious
Now that I see that actually I didn't play a bunch of these last time
What else we got
Wait, is this trump at a rally not getting shot?
Silence of the land. Oh, that's the Hannibal Lecter. Maybe Hannibal Lecter's the one who did it
That's the conspiracy theory. We're all missing
You know, you were right
Okay, we'll just end we'll end with like a little chunk of this
Just to go it on what's gotta be a positive note a 3.31. Yeah
Damn, look at this party
Because I I'm not that familiar with chips. I don't really see the characters. I kind of just see people partying
I'm just gonna assume this is what all the chips is like
Whoa, look at those fucking moves
I think chips might have been a slightly out of circulation when I was, uh, a little kid
Or at least on the channels I watched as a kid
Whoa, the low angle fish eye
Why does he look pissed?
Wait, what was that look?
Whoa, wait, wait, run that back
8.5 for this move right here
Look at that steamy look he's giving him. What was chips about?
Does he get up and dance? I'm gonna skip forward
Is this all?
Oh, it's all them. It's all the one guy
I feel like I've seen more references to chips than I've seen chips
Oh, the other guy was too scared to dance. Wow. Look at all those people shaking their blood around in their bodies
It's all shaken up again, and I like that
You didn't even drink blood in the games. I don't know why you're so blood obsessed
I drink it behind closed door. You know, I don't eat in the middle of every movie. You know, it's
What do you think I eat?
goo
Sometimes the blood is gooey
Okay, well, um, thanks for being here. I guess Salazar
You've bought you've how did it feel going amongst the webs?
Mostly confusing
There wasn't that much screaming. There was a little screaming. I liked when the humans got crushed and I like the gorilla
That's a pretty common take the gorilla the the gorilla plays with pretty much everybody love the gorilla
The rest they give it. I'd rate it the five. I'd rate it a confusion seven
Okay, well, thanks either way Salazar and thanks all of you we now send you back out of the webs
How does that work? I don't know. I just come to my castle come to spanish transylvania. It's not so bad
We need more tourism and nobody knows. We don't need everybody. I'd say it's a 50-50 shot. See you soon. Bye. Bye
So intense coming out of that every time this music
What is tourist season in spanish transylvania?
You want to avoid the crowds?
Hmm, just don't leave the airport for like, uh
Stay in the airport for a couple days and then when you leave everyone else you flew on the plane with will be gone
And then you can kind of do a fun scavenger hunt to see what happened to them
So, you know, it's always kind of off season
But it's also always kind of on season
Not that I want to you know, um
do saudi arabia style propaganda
For a country that's paying me. I'm not being paid by spanish transylvania. I'm just a fan. Let's see
What else is on the dock? It looks like we're gonna go to the movies
I don't think there's any other request so
Because I probably should do some work outside of streaming today. I'll probably go to the movies and then call it there
But thanks so much everybody for the insane amount of support. The things we're checking out the cast and stream
I'm excited to do that. I'm also excited excited to have some guests back in
Uh for the cast stream. I think that's a format that actually lends itself quite well to guests
And also, uh, I'm excited to get this debate stream going speaking of guests. So I'll start working on that now
Plus resolving a couple little tech issues with the cast stream
But for now, let's send it over to Trent. He's at the movies
We'll check out some trailers and then uh, you know, if something else pops up it does
But maybe we'll we'll do a little bit of a shorter one today either way. Here's Trent
Yes
Good to be back. Hello everybody. It's your fucking boy is Trent. I don't pose enough for you guys
But I do it all the time with my boys
You know what I mean? I don't know what you mean
You know, you and the boys just sort of pose at each other
Classic teen stuff. I don't know any group of teenage boys that has ever done that
Because you're old dude. You just don't get it
I mean the boys love to pose
Good to see everybody
Will the call-in show behind the patreon
I don't know
I don't know I asked Casey. He also doesn't know
But I will tell him that's something he should ask Kassim
Maybe they'll want to make it like a clip up for youtube or something like
The whole thing gets uploaded to youtube from my understanding today was more of a test
From your understanding from my understanding
Okay
So I don't know if this one will be available, but maybe
I guess he could be downloaded and posted it's kind of up to Kassim. I think if it lived it's on kassim's twitch
So I think it's sort of up to him where the show goes outside of twitch
Case uh, I wholesaleed the show to kass that to kass
Case sold it to kass. He sold it for free for the price of free. He sold it
McBain. Whoa. Look at all these fucking movies. Oh, there's a captain america brave new world
Where did I see this?
Twitter. Oh, maybe I saw this on twitter
Yeah, case keeps me in the loop. I've actually read the emails in the morning
Really? No, I don't but the headline today contained the subject contained all this information
It was a really long subject in case his email
To all the hosts today. You get that too. You're not a fucking host. You're my parole officer
Well, you know
Are you fucking hacking my emails?
No, you just
Leave your laptop you really you don't look at a screen just because it's open chris
Yeah, but your laptop's wide open
And your font is so big if I glance at it
I think i'm technically on the step. You're being paid by the state to be here. That's true. Although confusing
Technically my boss is the state
Just saying get your priority straight. All right, let's watch the trailer
Wilson
Thanks for coming in. Thank you for the advice, sir
I have to admit. I'm still getting used to the new look. Harrison's back. I must ask her lose the election
Oh, they changed the casting
I haven't always agreed in the past
But I want to make another run at making captain america an official military position
And if we disagree on how to manage this situation
Then what happens? We'll show the world a better way forward. Oh bo bo
Sir your inner circle has been compromised
Either you can't see that but you don't want to
Full power is shifting
You're just a pawn you may be captain america, but you're not steve rogers
Oh, shit a red hulk. Is that fucking?
Is that fucking harrison ford as the red hulk does he get all fucking ripped and red and totally different looking at the end?
I'm just kind of hoping if if it's harrison ford. They kind of badly mash harrison's forward face onto a hulk
That was a little so i'm guessing he's the guy with the mustache from the hulk movies
And they recast them
Honestly, I thought it seemed
I like you one of my favorite marvel movies is the one with captain america and
It's sort of a spa thing. Oh the spa captain america one. Yeah, like, uh, you know the the christmas soldier or whatever and
That one was fun
That was a fun one because it's like it's serious. It's like spies, but also it's fun because it's like superheroes
That was a fun aspect of that
Is general ross, okay
So I do think that's that kind of shows
That marvel's priorities might still be a little odd
Because I don't think anybody watch most people watching the trailer don't need that mustache line
Like no most people aren't gonna track that like oh, he's general ross
It's like that's kind of there for the fans and it's the first thing in the trailer
I guess i'm just trying to say I think marvel's still a little too concerned about like
continuity
When it was a good trailer, it's just like that was a confusing way to start it. You're just fucking nitpicking, dude
Mostly what people thought so I was like
They were like punching people and shit and it was kind of too like
violin
percussion
Violin percussion it was like string percussion. It's like
Blam
Anyway, that was sick. All right. Well, I'm glad you liked it. I'm glad that I can experience joy unlike you
Well, anyways
Of the marvel trailers I've seen recently. I thought that was one of the better ones the perfect couple
Love are of men
Abraham Lincoln, yeah, he loved men
Like the brotherhood of men
And not having slaves, which is the manyest thing to do
The the manyest the most man man of freedom makes it the manyest
Okay, well, let's just see what this uh get this this press probably about how some people say he's gay
Which maybe he was I don't know. Let's find out
He is considered a sacred figure by both republicans and democrats
He led the nation through its greatest crisis. He's on our currency. We build monuments to him
He's the greatest president the united states has ever had today the big question that people are asking is
Was abraham lincoln gay?
Oh, shit in the 19th century for many men their closest relationships were other men and same for women
Men would live with another man when they're single and often did and shared beds
Lincoln probably slept in the same bed with men more than he did with women
They're so cuddly. One of the things that fascinates scholars is his bedding down with joshua speed
Wait a minute. Is that how they both looked?
Because like, you know
i'm a zoomer so
My sexuality is like very very open slash question mark and i'm just saying look at these guys
Look at them
Sorry, he's cutting in to just challenge the assertion that you're a zoomer
I'm young as shit, dude
Don't interrupt the full-screen trailer
Being for four years
There is love between those two men when you put together all of the evidence
It's really startling. Well, look at that guy. Lincoln has a type dashing wait that guy
Lincoln has a type and they showed this guy. Is this lincoln's type? That's a unique type
Me and jd vance have a chance
Dashing daring we have this notion that if you have an attraction like that boom
That's your orientation sexuality through the mid 19th century was far more fluid
But for someone who wanted a political career, it was mandatory that you have a wife
Dear speed, I shall be very lonesome without you. Yours forever. Lincoln
What you say that the boys though was your boys strict marriage culture get married and then everything is possible
Captain david derrickson became friends with lincoln while they were living here at the cottage
There is a soldier here devoted to the president and when mrs. L is not home sleeps with him
What stuff he was seen wearing the president's night shirt. Well, but they're sleeping boys
So you got to trade shirts sometimes then you see all these shifts to the end of the 19th century
Freud was devastating to sexuality defining very rigid
Categories and they're saying if a man loves another man, it's unnatural
homosexuality
Is it mental illness? It was not only wrong. It was punishable
If lincoln were to look down today, he would see the united states at a particularly fragile moment
History is so important because it allows us to understand who we were who we like to come
Who daddy's just enjoying each other's assistance on equality
We have a man in the house of power if you can accept a queer lincoln
You can accept queer people overall. He should inspire us to achieve a true democracy
For everyone
All right. Well, they convinced me at the end with all those paintings. What do you mean?
Well, there's like a big montage of paintings at the end being in a painting is pretty gay
Being in a painting is gay
Yeah, I mean nothing against it. It's like chill. That's your lifestyle
But like being in a painting is pretty gay and he's in a bunch
There were so many paintings back then. Yeah, there are a lot of like, I mean, there's always been gay people
Don't erase gay people. There's always been people in paintings
They're mostly gay
What made you think this?
I don't know just paintings paintings are like kind of gay, right?
Don't tell kevin
Don't tell anyone so many people to put every paint every president has a painting of them
They just said the president's gay people have been in the halls of power
There's paintings of every president every president's probably at least by I mean, I would be in a painting
I'm not knocking it. I'm saying like no, I get it
But I think the point was like, you know, we clearly had affectionate letters between men standards were maybe different so it's confusing or something, but
You know
Dude trump is gay. Well, that could change the game trump is gay
Think of what that could do. I mean, I guess it could
I actually don't think that would change anything
conservatives have a weird habit of
kind of absorbing gay people into their ranks
As long as those gay people kind of prescribe to various policies
That infringe on their rights, which some people do
It could change everything man. Oh, okay. Sorry. It would change everything
Let's watch one more trailer
Dude, I like stick to being a parole officer
I'm just here. I'm here and you taught you asked me questions all the time
I feel like I have to feel like I have to say something
Black state. Hmm watch man chapter one
We live in time
Wait, I live in time too. I should watch this
I mean, that's true. We do live in time. So
You want to watch that instead of the watch the trailer and then fair enough
Is something that your daddy and I something that
Mummy and me want to talk to you pouch. It's a bit serious though
824
I literally have no idea. So sorry, but do we know each other yet? No, um
I want you over
Dude, those two are living in time
Tobias, we're gonna make sure you have the time of your life. Hi. She said the line
You're already ought to get going who says unless you have shit to do then I have nothing
Whether we like it or not clock is ticking what's the rush because I'm worried
But time distinct and real possibility that I am about to fall in love with you. Oh, this is a romance
It's okay. Oh, she gets came. It's okay not to be okay. It's a lot
All of these are in fact moments in time I get it
Interested in a treatment that accidentally wastes our time
Why are you taking the risk? I can't believe I thought I'd been forgotten
I'm guilty of looking ahead
Instead of right in front of me
Are you
Is it
I'm fine should walk honestly
You okay
I'm just fucking bored dude. Of course you are
I like I'm a chance pulling out that it needs more spider-man and why wasn't there like he is one of them
So they could have made him a spider-man and still done all that other stuff. That's like touching or whatever
Not every movie needs to be
spider-man
Yeah, but if you've got spider-man or one of them
There's so many spider-mans now. I have a soul. It's just like
I mean if I'm gonna if I'm gonna watch it's it's also got like a kind of a kind of a dumb title like
We're in time or whatever we live in time
How do you like the how do you like the title captain america brave new world?
She don't like the title we live in time because it's so clear what that one's about. It's about captain america
Being a different captain america. Thus the world is new and brave
But what does we live in time mean? It's probably like you watch the movie
And maybe it becomes relevant via themes and characterization. It's just it's an actual story young blood
It's still it's life. You should watch more movies about
actual life maybe and not always
Boom bang captain man. I love boom bang captain man
And the spider-mans and every version of something man
And that's tom man, but he doesn't even have powers. I'm just saying, you know, maybe maybe that's like kind of a first draft
Take any movie at spider-man profit. Yeah, probably but I mean, you know
That's a it's a smaller budgeted movie that's meant to tell a more personal story
Oftentimes trailers don't really do those kinds of movies justice. Who knows it could be great
You know stories about life and loss
It's by captain america loses sometimes he loses several times to the christmas soldier before he finally kicks him
To near death, but back to friendship now. That's the story I can get behind
I like the christmas soldier. I'm just saying there's room for other stuff too. Everybody likes a christmas soldier
He's got one arm and that arm brings the gift of justice
I feel like maybe we're getting something wrong here, but I don't actually care you what you're getting wrong is you need your red hat back
I can't find it. What you can't find the red hat. I'll admit it
Anybody sees chris's red hat. Let me know
because
He needs to stop stealing my look
Tom square has probably suffered from spider-man. I mean he does mess that place up a lot
well, I guess he defends it, but
He also webs it the hell out. Well, his webs dissolve in a couple days
Do they that ever confirmed how quickly his webs dissolve?
They seem super strong. Like maybe they would take a long time to dissolve. Yeah, but he's got all sorts of sky's powers
Skating erics says i'm confused. She hit him with a car and reset him then she gets cancer
So it's an amnesia love story with a cancer ending. I think you just I mean spoilers. Sorry, but that's probably the story
It's about the moments along the way
And also that might not I'm unclear if his brain got reset. I think maybe he just hit him with a car and he wakes up
Also, why didn't he wake up in a hallway? I think that was just the trailer he learns in the hallway
They dissolve in an hour
So what are you complaining about? I just don't see that being possible. They're so strong
You can stop fucking trains with them, but they dissolve in an hour. What kind of material is this? It's a science material
And a fantasy material. It's just shut up. All right. Well
That is fair. It is it is a fiction. Okay. Well, look that that's a strong trailer end with you. You liked it
Everybody else dude 51st dates. That's a romantic story. How is that a romantic story?
51st dates is one of the most romantic stories. What if every day you got to wake up and find out you were dating adam sandler?
That's so fun
Sounds like a fucking nightmare. You that's just because you don't have love in your heart
chris, you need to get some love in your heart and go on 51st dates with
adam sandler, but also infinite first dates because
Your brain is dead
It's a fun movie. All right. Well, that's all the time we have. Uh, thanks so much for fucking chillin or whatever y'all are the fucking, you know
But you know, are you okay?
What i'm trying to say is you know what it is and I also know what it is and we'll see you next time
We need a movie on what happened at chris's hat
Anybody's a huge snapchat fan
And can locate chris's hat
Feel free to post the link somewhere
I for one also can't find it
And i'm surprised I can't because I don't feel like they delete filters, but
Sorry hats. I don't think the internet deletes hats
Well, look i've been going for a bit if you can't cast some streams
So I think i'm gonna call it there even though it's a shorter one on my end today. Thank you guys so much for the support
Thank you for seeing through me through these troubling times where I realized that
I unfortunately do kind of look like fucking jd vans, but not that much
Okay, the side by side is just
It's just we're both white guys with beards
My nose is bigger
and
His chin is pointy ur even though it was a kid. It was rounder
Side by side is not doing me justice. It's also that we make the face same face shape all the time
That's just one of my classic poses and he's doing it
It's been a hard week for me
It was easy until today when I realized I kind of look like jd vans. Nothing else this week bothered me at all
Let's raid
Brucey baby. Oh, you know what know me pros on I haven't rated know me pro in a while
Check out Bruce. Check out Ashley. Spinachi. Check out sir. Laher
Check out all these other lovely folks psychor is on
Uh
Bill jc is on
Today we'll go with know me pro because I haven't rated know me pro in a while
That's not the same picture. This is a different that's that's twitch
And this is bearded jd vans it's niss unfair that he
Gave himself a beard. He had his same beardless face
I could pretend I don't look like him. I guess I can learn to talk like jd vans. It should be an easy impression for me
It basically requires no effort
It's uncanny
It's no it's you're just seeing me from very specific angles
And we both have beady little eyes
If I just didn't have these I I gotta get I I got it. No, is that problematic to get no not
I'm gonna make my eyes bigger. I'm getting surgery
I never wanted to get plastic surgery until now
And now I think I have to
Even though I might be older than jd vans. I don't know how old he is
If I had this face first, then I think he has to get plastic surgery. I think that's how
That works does Kendall have contacts, you know, I had those blue contacts from a sketch we did at g4 once where I was like a
elf thing
for Thor
But I don't think I have them anymore. I don't think you can just pop them back in maybe you can. Anyway, they weren't mine, so
I can't remember if I actually have them. I'm not wearing them. I don't need to add anymore
It's close enough
Okay, have a great one everybody. We'll see you tomorrow. I should be able to stream
And thanks so much for checking everything out. Have fun with nomi pro. Bye. Bye
Bye. Bye. I said and there's the stop streaming button