I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
Oh my god.
What is happening?
Why is this still playing?
Chaos. Chaos to start the stream.
Pure chaos! Energy!
Okay, Kendall as you can see
made eggs.
Eggs-a-za.
One second.
Oh my god that was fucking hot.
Kendall made really hot eggs.
I couldn't enjoy that. It was too hot.
Really hot bowl.
Kendall made me really hot eggs.
They're like um...
They're just steamed eggs.
No flavor because I didn't have seasoning.
Kendall was telling me that they are flavorless steamed eggs.
It tastes like air.
And that they're really hot.
In a way that will hurt me.
She wants me to eat it immediately.
She's looking at me very expect-expectively.
Despite telling me these are gonna be bad.
Basically.
Yeah those are fine.
Those are actually pretty good.
They're eggs.
They have sesame oil and soy sauce on them.
And um...
Sesame seeds.
And there's salt and pepper in it.
And it's eggs.
And that's it.
It's eggs and a bunch of soy sauce?
And sesame seeds.
And it's cut with water?
And it has salt and pepper?
It's cut with water.
Oh okay.
Like a drug? It's like cut?
Yeah.
So it's not white people blend.
There's actually... Yeah.
It's not just eggs.
When I make eggs...
It's often just eggs.
You guys can't see this but they're like silky.
They're like smooth like it.
It's a smooth top.
It looks like flan basically.
Taddles upset it. How hot?
You want more of it?
I'll eat more later.
They're probably good.
You're gonna what?
These are three eggs by the way.
You say you're probably gonna chow down?
Yeah you can chow down.
Yeah.
It looks like tofu.
Yeah or like not very cooked tofu.
Like not a fried tofu.
It's a little smoother.
Yeah.
Cause it's...
I don't know if I've said this yet but it's eggs.
It's like Chinese steamed eggs.
They're supposed to be greased on this.
Oh!
Sorry we killed the hype before it even had a chance to start.
I'm so sorry.
With all of this egg talk.
Yeah I guess so.
But we'll thank everybody.
I'll go.
Kendall do you want to eat eggs and thank everybody who subbed?
Thank you so much everyone.
No I mean by name.
Oh.
I'll give you the names here.
Okay.
No I have to work.
Well this will only take like...
Oh.
This should only take...
I have it on my hand.
A minute.
Exactly.
She left.
Oh she's back.
Okay.
Here you go.
Use this music to thank the people Kendall.
Over here.
You just gotta thank them for their name and then the months.
Burn the work game.
Thank you for subscribing for 36 months.
Woo!
Okay.
Oh.
Okay.
Move up.
Propaganda.
Thanks for resubscribing.
Run!
It's been 33 months.
Oh sorry.
Thank you for everything.
Shaggy175.
Thanks for resubscribing.
It's been 36 months.
M-hmm.
ManderGep.
Gep?
I think so.
That's what I've said for almost two years now.
But have you asked?
No I've never really asked.
I've never really asked.
No I've never really communicated.
Thank you for resubscribing for 32 months.
I'm AppleDaple.
Thanks for the hundred biddies.
Yo Storm...
Shoot.
Wait you told me what it is.
Stormborn.
I thought it was burn.
Fuck.
Stormborn.
I could be wrong.
It's burn.
It's burn because I always thought it was born or barn.
And it's burn.
Stormborn.
They used it for 36 months.
Fuck.
Fuck what if we're wrong?
I've been wrong for a while now.
I just am used to it.
LocalSarc.com resubscribing for 34 months.
It's been 35 months.
I was fucking right.
It's born?
I was right.
Stormborn?
I should have asked that probably two years ago.
Plus.
I was fucking right.
But now this is how you learn and grow.
Slowly over time.
BundleSpout.
Thanks for giving out five subs.
Five.
That's crazy.
Thanks for the hundred biddies.
That was glowing.
Okay.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
And to be resubscribed for 12 months.
You can resubscribe for 36 months.
I don't know how you read these.
Okay.
Okay.
Mega Flashy.
Thanks for rescribing for...
With pride.
Hey.
Hey.
Skynere.
Skynere.
I've also just got off of your arm but I've said Skynere now.
I say Skynere.
For nearly three years.
Can we talk about a little time?
Thanks for the hundred biddies.
Okay.
And finally.
Dilemma.
Thanks for resubscribing for 18 months.
Hey, hey, hey.
You can resubscribe for 36.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
And there you have it everybody.
All right.
Did you want the rest of these?
I get the whole middle part.
You don't want any more?
Well, I just...
I ate myself a lot.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, there is a His and I worship Shadow.
Man, I'm learning stuff that I technically have been reading for years.
His Shadow.
I worship Shadow.
I've just been saying I worship Shadow also for however long you've been watching.
I worship His Shadow.
If Kate's has been saying your name wrong, raise your hand.
Don't put...
No, I want to see any hands.
Raise your hands.
This is an egg stream.
It's not about your names.
It's about the eggs.
So we can eat this with rice, technically.
But it's just eggs at this point.
I'm pretty bad at reading considering how much I do it.
Apple Dapple.
Do I always say his Apple Dapple?
Do I always say the man, Apple Dapple?
Damn.
You've always been...
Yeah, you've written it into Daddy.
And today that wasn't a choice of yours either.
That was...
I kind of blamed Fiona for that, but it also might have been me.
No, I think...
I think that was a Fiona thing.
It's hard to say.
But I'll gladly blame Fiona for whatever.
Apple Dapple, I will endeavor not to throw out male pronouns while saying Apple Dapple.
Although I feel like I usually just say Apple Dapple, hopefully.
Wait, is it?
We're gonna get you canceled.
You're misgendering people.
I gotta use nonspecific pronouns.
I actually do try to do that.
But I probably do fail sometimes, unfortunately.
Mr. Dapple?
Do I call you Mr. Apple Dapple?
I need to stop doing that.
And a huge thanks to Mr. Senior Apple Dapple.
I think you should start saying doctor.
Everyone's a doctor.
Just doctor.
Thank you, doctor.
You're the first one who called Entity Daddy.
Lady Citrix, you can have all the credit.
Because I honestly can't tell if Entity likes it or not.
But I can't stop at this point.
I would like to think so.
I mean, Entity's still hearing it all.
I think I'll save.
I'm kind of... I'm just not hungry yet.
The last time we ate was like 11.
I know, but my appetite is on a two-shift schedule.
11 and then 7.
That's when I get hungry.
We're like 11 and then 11.
Yeah, that's true.
It's like every 12 hours I get hungry.
I'm assuming that's probably one of the least healthy ways to eat.
I eat a huge meal every 12 hours.
And I hate it because I don't like eating past 10 guys.
Be Grendel is a doctor.
Ph.D.B. Grendel.
Doctor Grendel.
Doctor Be Grendel.
Like you don't even know your own chat.
Quick diagnosis cases lack of appetite.
I mean, it's not a lack. It's just spaced out.
Like a lack.
Or maybe it's a lack sometimes.
I don't think I'm lacking that hard.
Quick, say all their phone numbers and where they live.
First and last names.
I feel like that's...
Parents' names.
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
Because they don't need to know that I know all of that.
They don't need to know how I know that.
You say two-shift schedule.
Two-shits.
My turd hitting the floor.
I don't know how to mess that.
I don't know how to combine those two sayings.
Me hitting this blunt and my turd hitting the floor.
Yeah, I'm not on a two-shift schedule.
What kind of shit schedule am I on?
I feel like it's a one-to-once-a-day phenomenon.
It's a pretty bad schedule.
It's a feminine phenomenon.
You should be taking multiple shifts a day since when?
Once a day is really good.
Once a day seems good?
No, it's really good.
I asked doctors and my family and they said
one-to-three days, three times a day, that's the range.
Twice a day? There's definitely some two-dayers in there.
I'm just saying, on average.
Yeah, a morning and a night shit.
Should you be cleaning out the pipes twice daily?
I guess it depends what you eat and what you do.
Three times a day is too much.
Cheeks hitting the seat, turd hitting the water, that's the new saying.
Someone has told two-to-three times a day.
One every three days.
Damn, I'm below where I need to be.
No, no, no, one a day is good.
Once at the gym, that is true.
If I drink a huge coffee that bumps that number up dramatically.
Diarrheic.
It was once a week on the carnivore diet?
That's so bad.
That's because you were busy being a carnivore, stalking the planes.
If you're a lion, you don't have time to be shitting all day.
You need to save that.
It's so bad.
Because you need to always be ready.
Yeah, Rennerton Water will get that up to like, you're going to hit triple digits
if you drink the Rennerton Water.
Once a day does feel like rookie numbers.
I'm trying to think that most times I've ever shat in a day.
Well, if you're sick, do those even count?
At that point you just are a toilet creature.
And more so than usual.
Over 40 you need metamucil.
Damn, 40 shits a day.
That means that's a good chunk of your day.
Yeah, I think 40 shits a day is just constantly shitting.
40 shits and 40 nights.
Not counting diarrhea.
Case breaks the poop record.
You think that's a thing?
I don't even want to Google it because I don't want to see if it pulls up images.
Eldrick says, Case, if you want to see how bad it can get, there's a guy named The Choro King on Insta
whose whole stick is drinking fruit, veg seed mixes to cause himself to go and critique the drinks.
Alright, I said I wasn't going to pull up images that might unsubtle us, but...
Eldrick, that's just a little too enticing.
Kendall, you're walking away, you don't want to see The Choro King?
Sorry, I thought this was a good moment to leave.
Really?
Was it not?
When we're about to...
Usually when he looks stuff up, we go.
When we're about to give the blackwell bump to The Choro King, the all-important...
Oh, it's muted.
Is this The Choro King?
Yeah, I do have to shit now.
If yours is a lie, oh, right here, one of these, okay.
Why'd you pick that one out of all the obvious ones?
It was right there!
Oh my God.
It was right there and ready!
Okay, he says I need a good cleanser.
I had a feeling killing the parasites in my body would be more than just one day.
You owe me, Hendon, dude!
The amount of shit that's coming out of me, I have so much goosebumps,
and I do have a sweater on and I know you guys are going to say,
oh, it doesn't really count because your shirt's not out of dude.
He has a worm.
It's cold here in LA.
It's rainy!
There's a worm.
How do you warm the body?
He's got a worm.
Does he have a worm in him?
Is that just classic Choro King stuff?
Is the worm a recurring character?
Poopy meal prep.
This is what a meal prep is, a certified pooper.
I like to hit my butt hole first thing in the morning with a poop juice.
It's full of antioxidants and lots of fiber.
Poop juice, one teaspoon of Sperlina powder, one banana, one handful of kale,
and one cup of water.
Say let's fucking back with this next Choro review.
Woo!
And as a certified pooper, let's go hit our butt hole first thing in the morning.
One banana, a handful of kale, one cup of water,
I couldn't find Sperlina powder, but they said flaxseed powder is the same thing as Sperlina powder.
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, ten.
Or Sperlina if you have it.
Now blender, I couldn't find the tapadera, so the leftover beans would do.
Sorry Kendall, what is that?
What's that?
Is that an important PSA from Kendall?
Never.
Well I guess if you want a poop you can do that much, yeah.
Hey, that's a little...
Alright, that's it.
Let's go with some venturi.
And here.
Is this poop juice Choro King approved?
We'll see you in the final.
Cheers.
One, two, three.
Is this a two-parter?
How long is this?
I like the idea that part two is in their only fans.
Subscribe to my only fans for part two.
That's pretty funny.
This is warm as hell.
And it tastes like flaxseed only.
Nasty.
Isn't the warmness on him?
Yes.
That's a choice you're making.
Oh, it's so warm, it's nasty.
Just cool it down.
Don't be a little friendly.
He told me use some cold water or some ice.
I know I didn't put no ice.
It's still water.
Okay, he's arriving at the same conclusion at least.
Keep in the hole.
Since today is Massa Monday, I had to do this.
Cheers, one, two, three on the last of it.
We scared Ken all the way.
I don't think I can watch this without someone live in the room.
With Mayor, I feel too uneasy.
So that'll be all we get.
Well, I can't skip forward because it's Instagram,
so I can't get to the thrust of the review.
I need to know what's happened.
He poops and then he talks about if the drink made him poop better.
The poop made him poop stronger.
But what happened?
You really want to see?
Yes.
Everyone needs to see.
This is look, but we don't ask for this.
It's not me.
Is this drink Choro King approved?
I don't know.
We're gonna see if I know.
Time is currently 11.45.
So wait, the shit is part of the review.
Wait, Choro King approved.
Everybody, I'm gonna get a little bit of it.
This is what I meal prepped as a certified pooper.
It wasn't even me denying us the payoff there.
There's no telling.
I don't even know.
Is it the next one?
Your left flaxseed works every time.
Does it give you a caca, baby?
Dude, because I don't like to spend it.
Okay.
I didn't need to see that.
I somehow clicked on it at the same time.
That I was showing it to chat,
which is usually a bad strategy when you're streaming.
But that is what I did there.
I still feel like I didn't find out.
He said it's Choro King approved, the flaxseed,
which I'm assuming is that drink.
So, we gonna get it on this?
Get it on what?
We all gonna chug this stuff, see what it does to us.
Makes us go crazy.
It's just gonna make you shit at best.
That's a pretty big at best.
You shit all the time, Pepito.
I know this for a fact.
But I can always shit more.
Bum bum bum bum.
Try out new noises.
Okay.
You know, that's...
About how we...
I mean, you know, if it's not a rapping train,
it's us just watching videos of a
literal poop Instagrammer.
That's how we start here.
New sub goal for the Choro King?
It's not even a Choro King recipe.
That's just a random poop juice he found off the internet.
I'd be a second hand review.
I need a...
If someone can send me a Choro King original,
you miss piss raps?
We were just slightly too slow today.
Starting the stream.
The hype had already died.
Otherwise we'd be already rapping about piss, I'm sure.
Ben is now bowels in need.
That's probably been a more accurate title.
A more accurate acronym all along.
This is the news you need, yeah?
Well, hey, we're all becoming very aware.
Chocolate chip pancakes versus blueberry pancakes.
John Michael with another classic.
We will send it down to Munch and Crumb.
I have a little bit of news.
I honestly have not looked at the news at all yet today.
Which is, you know, maybe not the best strategy
when doing a news show is to not even check in with the news at all.
But that's what happens sometimes.
Sometimes, oh, also guys, in other insane news,
I couldn't stream on Friday because I fully broke the stream.
I've shown you guys this before, right?
I'll explain my absence on Friday because I really did want to stream
and then I just broke the stream so hard that I could not.
Okay, so here's like...
You're gonna be getting tunnel vision for a second here, chat.
If I open up this, I can't see it, but this is how many scenes I have.
It's gotten to be too ridiculous.
It can't even show all of my scenes on one screen anymore.
That's kind of how over the top it's gotten, unfortunately.
So I'm trying a new strategy to condense all of those scenes down
to just whatever this is.
This isn't gonna make a ton of sense,
but basically I can use Streamer Bot to cut all of those scenes down to about 10 scenes
because at the end of the day, I'm kind of doing the same thing regardless of which setup we're in.
So I was like, alright, I've had enough of having 100 scenes.
I need to reduce this down to something I can see
so that I can implement some changes I've been interested in making on the stream.
But anyway, I completely broke the stream and it took forever to fix it.
But now we're moving towards a simpler, more beautiful OBS,
which I know is what you're all really here for is the OBS updates.
There's a scene tree plugin that might help.
Yes, I actually do have that.
In case you're wondering.
But thank you then, you're completely right.
This is what it all looks like on the left here, courtesy of the scene tree stuff.
But even with this, it's gotten so cumbersome
that I decided to change head to be made.
And I'm offloading a lot of the management onto Streamer Bot now.
Basically, in case you're curious, instead of having a million different scenes,
it just loads different backgrounds but in the same scene setup.
And it would actually make a huge difference.
It would make adjusting a lot of different things way simpler.
So that's what I've been futzing with.
But it just I deleted like a huge chunk of the stream's functionality by accident.
It was like, oh never mind, this is way more complicated to do than I thought.
But then I figured it out.
It just took all the time that I was going to use to stream on Friday.
But I can't deny that secretly, I just love futzing with menus.
So don't worry, I kind of got exactly what I was looking for on Friday.
Some hot menu action.
Anyway, that's the stream update for why I've been absent.
Technically, I was working harder on the stream than ever,
just in the most boring way possible.
Oh, we're growing, baby.
Thank you so much for a fight.
30 months, we have been growing.
Banzai Bullfrog also thank you for the 36 months.
Trump admitted he failed a dementia test today, but bragged AOC would do worse.
Maybe that should be our top story.
Thank you for the news.
I got to look this up now, Trump dementia.
See, usually at least try to brush up on the news of the day
before talking about the news of the day.
But today, I did not do that.
I know I've heard vaguely that there's been deals, trade deals.
He's in Japan or something.
We'll figure it out together.
It's news time.
Yeah.
Case 30 admitted he doesn't know what he's talking about.
You need an expert like me.
Rick.
Don't do an evil laugh right away, Rick.
Why not?
I like how now we can zoom in on me.
Is that what you spent all Friday doing?
Yeah, more or less.
No, all of that just to do this.
I do like it though.
Makes me feel more important.
Yeah, bring it in.
You're going to get this work today, Jack.
Oh, what's the work?
You're just going to talk about how you're in charge of everything?
Yeah.
Get this sigh up slut out of here.
Stop calling me.
That's a derogatory term.
Not when they use it towards you.
Then it's fun because you're nasty.
Propaganda, I don't accept this.
I'm not a slut.
I don't like it when you say it, actually.
I can't say slut.
What if I'm talking about myself?
How nasty of a slut I am.
Well, now you're just agreeing with propaganda.
I can call myself a nasty slut, but you can't call me that.
I didn't call you that propaganda.
I'm a little bit of a slut.
Okay, now you're just bragging.
Now it's just bragging when you say it like that.
Can't help it if I'm nasty.
I mean, technically only you can help it.
What are we talking about today?
I don't know.
I need somebody to know.
Well, you're supposed to know.
Oh, okay.
Well, let's talk about these hot trade deals in Trump's dementia.
Oh, let's see.
We need a headline.
Trade so good.
It's it's the meant it's not our best work,
but so are a lot of the things we do around here.
We've never claimed to do our best work ever.
Oh, we also need a picture.
Okay.
Do do do do do do do do do.
Oh my God.
Google makes it so hard to find pictures now.
Are my right?
Wow, look at these two handsome fellows just making deals.
The president is in Japan currently, I think,
and he's saying all sorts of fun stuff and making all sorts of hot deals.
Let's get into it.
The White House pulls the nomination for the top U.S. diplomat for the Middle East.
That's not Trump trade deals.
What I was trying to say is Trump is met with Japanese Prime Minister Takaiichi.
Okay.
Anything in particular happening there?
The AP is making me sad.
We just read this.
Okay.
U.S. President Donald Trump is in Japan and preparing to meet with the country's newly
elected ultra conservative leader.
Just two great friends that have a lot in common.
As he begins one of the busiest days of his Asia trip,
which will include speaking to U.S. troops, aboard an aircraft carrier,
and mingling with business leaders.
Nothing says busy like mingling, and he's one of the best ever at it.
Yeah, he's mingled with a lot of people over his career.
Young old.
I don't like where this is headed.
Just days after taking office, Japanese Prime Minister,
Senai Takaiichi, may look to build a personal connection with Trump to ease trade tensions.
One key to the strategy might be an idea floated by Japan's government to buy a fleet
of America F-150 trucks.
Ford, baby.
Now that's my kind of Fordon policy.
Zoom it in.
Zoom that bad boy back in.
That's my type of Fordon policy.
Come on.
What do you people want from me?
Just don't linger on a joke so long at it if you know it sucks, Rick.
I thought it was good.
In fact, I know it was good.
It wasn't as bad as I thought.
They got one last one in there.
They were upset at the quality of your joke, but not as upset as sometimes.
Also, there's a limit, though, on how many times each individual person can boo,
so I think you were saved by that.
Yeah, you gotta relax.
Get my hair all out of place.
Just looking at you is getting my hair all out of place.
Okay, well, we're just talking about international trade relations,
but I guess nobody cares about that.
No, you just made a terrible joke.
It's not related to the story.
Trump spent Sunday in Malaysia as part of his ongoing trip through Asia
to discuss mostly trade with world leaders aiming to highlight America's influence
on the global economy.
See, he's being exceedingly presidential.
I didn't hear that he also said something about a third term, about Trump 2028,
so I guess let's hear that, too.
I think it's too cute.
Yeah, I would say that because it's too cute.
I think the people wouldn't like that.
It's too cute.
It wouldn't be right.
He's right.
Nobody likes a nasty little cute trick.
What?
You know, some of those tricks are a little too nasty and cute.
He also said this.
It's part of a longer clip where he was being a really nasty, cute little guy
and just everybody was adoring it.
Wait, do they like it or dislike it?
We love it when he's a little cutie, but not when he does a cute trick.
Could you can't deny that the president's a cute little guy?
I've never thought that about him for a second.
Well, yeah, but you're an anti-American.
The rest of us love how silly and fun and cute the president is.
So let's see as up to his old little stinky, cute tricks
as he talks to reporters aboard Air Force One.
So if you get here, he said,
there's plans for you to run for a third term, according to Steve Binn.
What's up with that?
Is that something you'd be willing to challenge him for?
I haven't really thought about it.
We have some very good people, as you know.
That's an important one.
I've had the best poll numbers I've ever had.
I mean, I just solved eight wars and a night is coming.
I believe Russia, Ukraine will have a good one.
Can't deny that.
Eight wars case and you don't want him to be president anymore?
Name the eight wars he solved.
Russia and Ukraine, TBD, very soon to be solved.
He can't claim that one.
Well, look, TBD counts.
He ended all wars in the Middle East.
He nearly started a war, an extra war in the Middle East.
And the other one is, the piece is hanging on by literal threads.
Counts.
And then, um, he's...
We basically should go to war with Venezuela,
and we haven't yet, and that counts.
And then, um, he watched the anime Food Wars,
and he turned it off five times.
And that counts?
He ended the Food Wars five times by watching five episodes
and turning them off at the end of the episode.
Hey, Will's speaking.
Thank you so much, Reverend Wolf, for the 36 months.
Let's continue.
Well, we have great people.
I don't have to get into that, but we have one of them standing right here.
We have JD, obviously.
The vice president is great.
I think Marco is great.
I think, uh, I'm not sure if anybody would run against us.
I think if they have a formed a group, it would be unstoppable.
I really do.
I believe that.
Wait, what?
I would love to do it.
Formed a...
Formed a group?
They're already in a group.
They're all in the same presidential administration.
It's to me like, in sync, was like, we should form a group.
That's a really great way to put it, case.
The current administration is exactly like in sync.
What does it mean? What group does he mean?
Well, maybe he means a boy band, which they haven't formed yet.
Currently they do just do politics, but they could branch out.
I have my best numbers ever. It's very terrible.
I have my best numbers.
If you read it, am I not really gonna...
You'll have to tell me.
All I can tell you is that we have a great group of people, which they don't.
They have Jasmine Crockett, a low IQ person.
They have, uh, AOC's low IQ.
You give her an IQ test.
Have her pass, like, the exams that I decided to take when I was at Walter Reed.
I took... It was a very hard, uh...
They're really aptitude tests, I guess, in a certain way, but they're cognitive tests.
Let AOC go against Trump.
Let Jasmine go against Trump.
I don't think Jasmine...
The first couple of questions are easy, a tiger, an elephant, and giraffe, you know.
Oh, my God.
When you get up to about five or six, and then when you get up to ten and twenty and twenty-five...
Yeah, explain those hard questions, Trump.
They couldn't come close to answering any of those questions.
Do you read out from Walter Reed, mentioned advanced medical...
Wait a minute.
Those are, like, basic... My dad had dementia, Rick.
And I saw the types of tests he was taking.
They're not exactly, like, stressing your brain.
They're attempting to, um, notice, like, severe cognitive failings.
Like, things that test for executive function require a little bit of thought,
but they're not exactly meant to, like, trick you, unless...
You're experiencing dementia?
And you're claiming you're not, Case?
You think you would just ace this bad boy?
I think anyone who doesn't have dementia would likely do pretty well on the tests that test for dementia.
He's just saying everybody's got a little bit of dementia.
It's kind of like how everybody's got a little joker inside them.
How is it like that?
You know, like the movie The Joker?
It's just Joker.
Well, the one where he blows up a hospital.
We've all got a little bit of that twisted Joker inside us.
It's just Joker. I'm pretty sure it's Joker.
I mean, I guess I could.
Someone could make an argument that something is going on up here.
Case versus Rick?
Can we find one of these tests online?
What if I lose, though? What if I lose to Rick?
You would.
I'm literally an executive decision maker.
My executive functions are as high as possible.
I think you would be impressed how really boring these tests are.
Trump, we already have the first answer. Tiger in line and stuff.
So what you're saying is that only people, as Ash,
that are actively having brain declines sees the test as hard.
I saw some of the questions that my dad was trying.
I don't know if it's the exact same test,
but I did see some of the stuff that, you know,
because they showed me, like,
and your dad didn't do that well here on questions like this.
And though I can't remember the exact question,
okay, signs of forgetfulness, signs of dementia.
Well, I don't remember the exact questions,
but they weren't like terribly hard.
It's the MMSC. Can we find it?
Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe they're really hard.
MMSC test online.
Also, we did have to pay to take it.
I feel like test your brain age.
Wait a minute. This is sponsored content.
How long will this take though?
Spell tiger.
Okay, but I can't look at the L what you just typed.
Download the handout.
Wait, what? MMSC calculator.
I don't know if this is the right thing.
I don't know if this is the right thing.
The online MMSC calculator is the medical clinical online app
for screening assessment of cognitive decline,
including dementia due to Alzheimer's disease
and subcortical brain impairment.
But this doesn't look...
This doesn't mention a tiger at all.
So I feel like this is some kind of precursor.
Technically it has to be proctored.
Yeah, I don't think you can just take it.
I think you have to go to, like, a hospital
and, like, get a dementia.
At least that's what my dad did, is he, like,
and there was some lady who specialized in testing
for dementia who gave him a test.
Maybe Trump wrote in tiger as a secret six option.
You need Kendall to do this to you.
Maybe Kendall can proctor my dementia exam.
I mean, I'm almost certainly going to get it eventually
if I haven't already.
So I'm not trying to knock anybody over the age of...
well, really any age getting dementia.
However, I just don't know if, um,
you should be bragging about your ability
to crush these dementia exams.
But, Livensleazy just sent me a link.
What the frick? It loaded so...
Oh, here we go. Okay.
Let me open this image up.
Livensleazy might have just sent us the real deal here.
Rick, can you take a look for me?
Son of a...
Thank you so much for the 36 months.
Now, here is, apparently,
it has to be administered.
So we don't even really know what to do with this.
And yet you're talking all that trash case.
Like, you look at this top executive function test
and know exactly where to go.
The top one?
Looks like it goes number letter,
number letter, number letter.
Probably, I'm assuming, in order.
It's not being proctored, so you don't know that.
And they have to copy a cube.
You have to draw a clock.
So far, I do feel like I could do all of this.
And yet you're not.
Then naming.
Name a lion. Name a...
Well, I won't even do it, because...
Look, I'm not claiming to be an expert like the president.
You think I can name all three of these animals?
Rick, I know you can name a rhino and a camel.
Well, what have I told you? That's a...
fucked-up horse, actually.
And they tricked you.
I'm pretty sure they would accept camel.
Yeah, but it actually...
was a drawing of a fucked-up horse with a messed-up back.
This is the mean way to describe camels.
No.
Read the list of words. Subject must repeat them.
Do two trials, even first trial...
even a first trial is successful.
Do a recall after five minutes.
Oh, face velvet church daisy red.
So, chat. Be sure to check in on case.
And see if you remember face velvet church daisy red.
Yeah, but I'll be doing things in between that.
One of these tests, you just have to really try to remember
face velvet church daisy red.
Who's that Pokemon? It's a fucked-up horse.
Wait, what's dromedary?
Is that the camel? Did Case get it wrong?
Kitty, horny boy, and Mr. Cameltoe.
That's also acceptable.
I don't know if the five words is...
I'll give them that.
A little tricky.
Without looking at it, face velvet church...
Wait, face velvet church daisy red.
You're looking all over the place.
Well, it's hard because I've got screens everywhere.
I have to stare in the middle distance tonight.
This thing right on my face.
I did, I'd say church twice, so that is demerit points.
You're already failing.
Read the list of digits. First digit slash second.
Subject has to repeat them in the forward order.
Subject has to repeat them in the backwards order.
So wait, two, one, eight, five, four.
And then they have to repeat them backwards.
Velvet church sounds like a name of a fabric store.
Subject has to repeat them in the forward order.
Subject has to repeat them in the backwards order.
Read the list of digits.
I don't know what the one digit per...
Oh, one digit per second. Okay.
So it'd be like two, one, eight, five, four.
Four, five, eight, one, two.
No shame in failing, you just can't be president.
No, I know. I mean, I just, I am curious what he thinks is extremely challenging here.
Read list of letters. The subject must tap with his hand at each letter A.
Oh, okay. So you just tap when someone says A?
All right. Serial seven, subtraction starting at 100.
Oh, so subtract from 100.
Okay.
I think I'd be a great Chinese president. I'm taking the test right now, actually.
This is my first step in my forthcoming Chinese presidential campaign.
Well, you're going to score better than the president so far. You're just reading them, case.
There's just no way a 30-something year old ALC could ever pass a test like this against a 79-year-old genius.
Genius. Well, we haven't gotten the last questions yet, even.
Language. Repeat. I only know that John is the one to help today.
And then you have to repeat. The cat always hid under the couch when dogs were in the room.
I'm reading them, so I can't repeat. Can you repeat it, Rick?
Well, you got to say it.
I only know that John is the one to help today.
Today was John. I can't do it.
Oh, you're sandbagging this, Rick.
Well, can you do it? I only know that John is the one to help today.
Yeah, I only know that John is the one to help today. Huh?
You're doing elderphobia right now.
Well, which is it? Am I supposed to be impressed or am I being...
Am I being phobic of elderly people?
Both. The cat always hid under the couch when the dogs were in the room.
Fuck you, Rick. How's that for a repeat?
Fluency name, maximum number of words, and one minute that begin with the letter F.
Oh, great.
Fuck.
You think you're so cool.
Fucking loser. Fuck you. Friday.
You proud of yourself? No.
Similarity between banana- orange- wait.
Similarity between E.G. banana to orange equals fruit.
Okay.
Train to bicycle.
Thing you ride? Do you want with thing you ride?
Am I wrong, Rick?
You can ride a train. You can ride bicycle?
You think you're so clever. Watch to ruler.
Wheels? Wheels would have been better.
Isn't that thing you ride isn't as good?
Transportation?
How about hype mechanism? We could get a hype bike going in here.
Watch to ruler. Measurement. Device.
You're using two words too often. You gotta find a simple third word between the two.
You're failing.
Measure. I feel like I'm acing this. I think the president would be eating my...
Ass out. What?
Delayed recall. Oh, the words from her earlier.
Well, I just looked at them, but did you guys?
I didn't even look at them, but I know it's Facebook at Church Daisy Red, so...
Nailed it.
Get a stationary bike in the studio and have a correspondent hop on when it's pre-hype and post-hype.
Damn, that would be a way to get everybody in shape around here.
Okay, so that's at least some of the test.
That might be a lot of the test. I don't know. I don't know how many questions there are.
Life in Sleazy probably knows.
PTSD over these? You have it? Everybody's got a little PTSD over their dementia test.
Also a workout stream? Oh yeah, it could just be a workout stream.
We'll do it! When? The more we wait for it, the bigger the payoffs when we do it.
Okay, well, that's the executive function test.
Wait, did he admit that he failed it? That was the other thing someone was saying.
Well, let's finish this clip now that we know the test.
Yeah, I got an MRI. It was perfect, yep.
I mean, I gave you the full results. We had an MRI.
And in the machine, you know, the whole thing.
And it was perfect, yep.
Can you say what in particular?
You could ask the doctors. In fact, we have doctors traveling with us.
But I think they gave you a very conclusive.
Nobody has ever given you reports like I gave you.
And if I didn't think it was going to be good either, I would let you know negatively.
I wouldn't run. I'd do something.
But the doctor said some of the best reports for the age.
Some of the best reports I've ever seen.
One theory on how you might try to serve a third term.
Okay, we already saw that.
You might run for vice president, which he said,
I ain't about that cute shit.
I'm actually kind of a boss. It turns out.
I don't think his ego would allow him to run for vice president ever.
Didn't Putin do something kind of similar before just becoming,
say, facto completely in charge again?
Like there was an intermediary, like Russian political leader that was just completely beholden to Putin.
I can't remember.
Yeah, he made himself prime minister. That's it.
We can just have a prime minister.
How about we just make a role for the specialist boy?
They don't really have any power, but they are constantly surrounded by cameras and everyone talks about how cool they are.
And Trump could just be that.
Okay, now we're negotiating.
But he doesn't have any power.
Okay, I mean, that's all the worst I do.
I'd say the same about Joe.
A few was cognitively impaired and not just slow due to age.
I mean, he felt pretty cognitively impaired as well to me.
Again, I mean, my parents also both had dementia, although only my dad really got involved in like taking large amounts of dementia tests and stuff.
My mom was there and was like, yeah, she's got it.
Trump is a thoroughbred.
Only a thoroughbred like Trump can ace these exams for the age doing incredible, incredible work out there.
Okay, well, hey, you know, we didn't really cover the news terribly carefully today, like usual.
Dimension sucks.
It does. It is bad.
I fully expect that I will get it at some point given my family's medical history.
So if you think I've got it now, chat, just wait.
Just give me another 15 years to really put in this work and you'll start seeing that premium mental decline.
Nobody does mental decline like Case Blackwell.
He seemed physically impaired a bit, but that was probably due to age.
John Cena.
Are we talking John Cena now?
15.
Yeah, I think I could.
I think by the time I'm in my mid-50s, I could already be there.
Realistically, I think I'll probably get it in my 70s.
That's at least when a lot of people in my family get it, but I could move that timeline up.
Let's see how poorly I can eat for the next couple of decades.
Joe?
I mean, there's really no point in beating that particular...
Well, I won't say dead horse because people might get worried, but that particular horse...
But I mean, he seemed like he had to mention to me 1 million percent.
It seemed like he was experiencing fairly severe and obvious mental decline.
But that doesn't mean that this guy isn't too.
Stay away from poorly shielded magnetic electronics.
Yeah.
I'm looking around the room trying to decide if that's the thing I'm currently doing.
They look like they're all shielded.
Maybe I should stop building my own PCs, though, just to be safe.
In case there's any magnets in there.
I mean, I don't know how they work.
I don't know how magnets or PCs work.
Like ICP, but I'm admitting I don't know how anything works.
Sometimes you see a comment, but you realize I shouldn't read that.
Start taking creatine.
You know, a friend of mine told me,
I've always heard that creatine can also be kind of like, bad for your heart.
But I've done the customary zero research into the subject, so...
But I have... One of my friends was recently like,
You gotta start doing creatine.
It rocks.
It was a check.
No, I just... That's my go-to friend voice.
Joe Rogan uses Onit.
Looked on Onit.
Self-a-brain.
I could start taking all the brain supplements,
so I never embarrassed myself on stream by not acing my...
My on stream dementia exams.
You think you ace that?
Name those words!
Velvet Underground Church, hottest new album.
Okay, you're lucky. That was them.
Yeah, I passed this this time.
Alex Jones got the best stuff.
Well, maybe we should do a taste test.
Maybe that can be our thing.
We take various brain supplements and see how much they make us shit.
That can be the lane I take.
I combined six ounces of flaxseed oil
with ten ounces of alpha brain
and then I just poured a bunch of whole milk on top of it.
Let's see what this does.
They say kidneys, but it's the marker they test for,
but there is another test for kidney health.
Who? Joe Rogan fart jars.
Because Joe Rogan's farts come out clean.
Because he's such a clean eater.
They come out cold and clean.
Because of his ice bath and his incredible raw diet.
That's not... Now we are finally speaking in facts.
Yeah, Joe Rogan has some of the cleanest farts on the planet.
Due to... He's beyond the carnivore diet.
He's at the pure energy diet.
And then obviously his body maintains the temperature of a lizard.
Due to his constant ice baths.
So he's pooping cleaner than almost anyone on the planet.
A thundercast says,
Amino acids and protein and drink a gallon and a half a day
work on the diet too.
More meals, smaller amounts, eat six to seven times a day.
That is what I did when I got in really good shape in my 20s.
Although some people I know also now are like,
Do intermittent fasting. Which feels like the opposite of that to me.
Uh...
It probably depends if you're trying to like lose weight or gain muscle.
I'm out of the game, man.
Now I'm just a...
Now I'm just a punchy internet man, okay? I've embraced it.
You're not even doing squats. Obviously I'm still doing squats, Rick.
But there's a difference between doing squats and doing squats, okay?
Anyway, that's enough of this.
I'm done with you, Rick.
How'd you got to say like that?
We're done.
Okay.
Oh, I have saved?
No! Ha!
That's Rick acted.
They teach you how to act when you join the CIA.
Team America got that right.
And that was my acting.
I think I got to you.
No, you didn't!
Intermittent fasting works because you eat fewer meals
and usually that means less calories overall.
That makes sense.
And also I'm assuming when you go to a calorie deficit
that's when you start burning more fat.
But if you don't have anything in your stomach
you've got to be in a calorie deficit, right?
That sounds wrong, but only because you're saying it.
And I don't trust anything you say.
That is a wise lesson to learn, Rick.
Okay, let's move on to whatever else we've got for the day.
It's other segment time because that's all the news.
I'll do the outros here. That's it. Bye-bye.
Because it's your boy, McChatter, actually.
Oh, hello, Chad.
Got the one blue hand down there.
I'm wearing the coolest coat of all.
Way to go. Thank you.
The old beef and chatter. That's right.
That's who I am.
With the Justin Bieber style hair.
Yeah, I'll admit it.
He's a streamer now too, case. Did you know?
I did hear that Justin Bieber has joined
the Twitch family is what I like to call it.
Really? Yeah, I always call streamers the Twitch family.
We're a family here.
The whole website?
Yeah, yeah. We're kind of all related if you think about it.
I just don't see how that is at all true.
Think about it harder, Chad.
I refuse.
Who is next to case with the blue jacket?
Yeah, who the fuck is that?
That's me. What?
How come you have an extra hand?
Don't bring that up, case.
I have a normal amount of hands.
I'm positioning my hands in a unique way.
You look like...
Who the fuck is this?
Marky's so square.
There's a long list of things to fix on the stream.
And that's not one of them. I look great.
You can come between those two shots and no one can tell the difference.
Why is your head so huge? Is that how big your fucking head is?
Maybe.
That's Chet's third hand. He got a third hand.
I have as many hands as I need.
Like Superman is as strong as he needs to be.
I have as many hands as it takes for the job.
I'm an artist. Just like him.
Anyway, we're talking internet videos today.
Actually, we're watching them even better because I did not want to talk about them.
Let's get into it.
What the fuck? Homesar?
This is a classic ass internet video?
Yes it is. This is from 14 years ago.
Courtesy of Dan the Gamer.
Let's see what Homesar is up to.
Up to the gravy train.
I'm aboard.
I'm on my best foot flowered.
Pissou.
Shore Beach breaking up with me.
Don't look now. I'm just a friendly reminder.
Power.
Is he allowed to do that?
That? Okay to show?
That's fine.
Oh no. Our rating.
Where'd it go? Oh there it is.
What the fuck?
Ratings are active. You can rate that particular masterpiece.
Anywhere between zero and ten.
It got a ten. It got a solid ten.
I really thought we might zero that bad boy out but the more I think about it the more I see the appeal.
Quick case. Test your executive function. What was his name?
Who I was Homesar chat.
My god this man has a steel trap memory.
Point two point three three.
Very generous.
We're a generous crowd around here.
And for the record.
Just because our video is rated lowly doesn't mean I don't enjoy it.
I like it when we got a real nasty one.
A real cute one? No a nasty one chat.
I'm not trying to be cute. I'm trying to be nasty.
Okay let's see what this is.
Could be street harassment? I don't know.
We're going in blind. It's irresponsible but we do it every time.
What?
You're calling me a monkey?
Well no no.
I mean we don't have to rate every video do we?
We have no choice. Those are the rules chat.
We rate every video. Whether it's two seconds or thirty or something or nothing.
Is that?
Well how did they get to monkey?
I don't know. Noises.
He stepped in it chat. You get it.
I do. People do do that.
Sometimes you say stuff and you're like that's not racist.
And you say that to people and they're like it was.
It was really racist.
So I've been there.
What? No that's...
It's not an experience everybody has chat.
Yes it is. All of us have said stuff and then several hundred people tell us it's racist.
That's only happened to me once or twice.
Okay. But that's only because I stream on Twitch.
And it's never several hundreds. It's best dozens.
Just saying. It's hashtag relatable.
Okay. Let's kiss keep going.
I'm pussy. It's a real place.
Oh. I've been there too.
This is the pussy co-op.
Behind me is the pussy playground.
Okay. This is the pussy station.
This is the pussy skate park.
Pussy is a bit of a copy and paste town.
It's just brutalist council blocks.
I like pussy.
Alright. It does set itself up.
It does set itself up. I'll give him that.
You can't deny that that word fucking rocks.
I would never deny that.
It's a beautiful town.
I'm not going to say it.
I'll say it. It's a beautiful pussy.
Because it's a place.
We can say whatever we want.
Some parts of the pussy are dirty.
You can't say the pussy. Well I can.
No if you say the then it's clear just talking about...
You know. The thing.
Well I am. But I'm using a d-
The pussy...
Pussy's dirty?
We're trying to call it dirty.
8.36.
That's a certified fresh pussy.
It doesn't really work because it's a...
Whatever. Let's just keep going.
I still found that strangely relaxing.
In all honesty.
I'ma suck over that kind of video.
I kind of enjoyed that too.
There was a certain logic to it.
There was?
I kind of got to be at a really high executive function
like I proved earlier to witness
all the connections there.
Okay.
I just like that it made a phone noise at one point.
It did do that.
It is still kind of...
It's just nice to see noises related to mooses.
I've always said that.
5.82.
I liked it slightly more than that.
Okay. I just want people to know when I...
I think the scores are too low.
6.
That's like 0.2 higher.
Well, I'm about accuracy case.
Okay. I'm just saying you're 0.2 off from the chat score.
Anyway, here's some mobile ads.
Let's watch an ad together.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, no, no!
Come on.
Oh, wow.
I feel like maybe I can't show that.
You can just show a guy
diarying on an AK-47.
On all your favorite social media sites?
Is an ad?
Um, based on my algorithm, yeah.
Yeah, you can.
You don't think we're supposed to...
Yeah, I don't think we should.
I once wrote a whole video
for a certain streamer
slash YouTuber
about mobile ads.
I wrote like a 20-minute
expose
on shitty social media ads.
It never came out.
It did never come out.
But that was taking me back to that writing process.
Casem?
Yeah, for Qusum G.
But he didn't appreciate the quality enough to put it out.
Damn, that's rough, dude.
Get better at writing, I guess.
That's what he told me.
I should have listened to both of you, I guess.
It wasn't Casem, but...
In my head, Ken, and it was Casem.
Is this another ad?
This is some more hot military action here.
This is the day where we're really rolling the dice
on every video we click on, so let's roll it again.
Is this just...
What? Is this a mobile ad?
Is this just slop?
Okay, it's like slop.
Okay.
That was from K. Thor Jensen.
Who said,
Oh my God, some fucking tech ding dong
posted this on Twitter with the caption,
AI games are going to be amazing.
Totally seriously. You have to watch it.
You have to in full screen.
You don't want to play a game where you
look at the bottom of the screen,
enter train, and then
you do?
What was the game part of it?
I think it's an F.P.I.
I think in the imagined game here
you would still be shooting stuff.
Look, everybody always
rates the future a zero
until that zero
is the future.
Shit, you're sounding like
you're sounding like an entrepreneur now.
And I do suddenly want to
pay to take your online course. Great.
Because if you don't want to be a zero
it costs a 10.
A 10 spot? Yeah, it's just a 10 spot.
But you'd be a fool not to take advantage
of your future.
The future that's more than zero.
You're losing me.
You can pay in Bitcoin? Okay, I'm back in.
Sick. All right, I'll
set that up later. Let's just keep going.
This might cheer us up after whatever
that was. It's cheerleaders.
I am in the dance.
And the touchdown
dance. If cheerleading is good
enough, and I said this when I played football
you should get extra points.
The team playing should. Yeah, I think if the cheerleaders
do a good enough job it should affect the score of the game.
And I said, because we had
pretty good cheerleaders and
sometimes we lost games and I feel like we shouldn't
based on the cheers.
Who knows the team could have been winning on their own
but even if they weren't I do think you should get
like an extra two points for a sick enough cheer.
I agree.
Check my iron full agreement.
9.7 and
we're getting there.
What the f-
This looks
kind of scary.
Let's see what it is.
Our scaly footed gastropods and
apparently they were discovered
inside a volcano.
They can handle temperatures of over
750 degrees Fahrenheit
and they have an iron shell
but that's not even the craziest part.
These snails do not consume
anything. Instead
they absorb iron particles
from the volcanic vents under water
and then they take those iron particles
and convert them into nutrients and energy.
So you mean
to tell me that not only is this the only
creature in the world with an iron
exoskeleton they also
consume iron?
That's a freaking Pokemon.
What's that? Why is that a Pokemon?
Because Pokemon are weird.
Okay.
Was that fake?
Now we can't tell.
Slugma?
I want to believe. Why is it so red though?
Why is it real?
It looks real enough.
It's so red.
It's a little insight.
It looks like it's
it's going to level with each other. It kind of looks like it's
exposed on iron part
is a big old genital.
That's just how slugs look.
That whole face of genital
just saying kind of it's just so red
and so exposed.
It's kind of hanging out there.
Battle Slug 5
case is slugging off right now.
Thinking about it's exposed slug features.
It's just so red compared to the body.
It's sticking out of there. It's staring at me.
Let's do a couple more.
So I don't have to think about slug genitals.
Which case is putting my mind now.
It's just Disney.
Let's lighten things up with some Disney stuff.
There's no audio on this one.
Oh is that a straight up dead body?
What?
That couldn't be.
Oh my god.
No one dies like Gastons
in a
bag like
Gaston.
It's a little sad actually.
Disney cruise.
That looks like
maybe it is a Disney cruise.
It also kind of there's like a
thing at Disney where you like have
dinner.
You have dinner and princess
and the princess bell's castle.
Actually case it's the beast castle.
Princess bell only gets the castle
after they get married and he dies.
What?
Yeah in my head canon she gets married
but she's actually kind of a gold digger.
She fucked, she kind of fucked with the beast head
and
she betrays him.
This is your head canon. Yeah she betrays the beast
and
divorces him and he dies from the heartbreak
but she takes the castle because
sometimes you just there's nothing you can do.
The lady just gets what she wants I guess.
Then all the cutlery
sides with her.
I think it was castans wedding. I think you're right propaganda.
That's my head canon at least.
Okay we can move on
from whatever you're talking about
I guess everybody
wants to just move on. That's fine.
Let's try this guy's video.
I was just walking down the street
and I saw this guy wearing a ski mask
who appeared to be armed
so I asked him, do you work for ICE?
He pulled up his mask
and said I'm a fucking drug dealer.
Don't you ever disrespect me like that again.
I was relieved
so I shook his hand and thanked him for his service.
Players gonna play.
Would be a bit of a relief actually.
Yeah for you
Mr. I do drug.
I've only done
a couple drug chat.
Okay.
But I would still be relieved.
That seems like a good stopping point honestly.
Cause it's coming in hot.
It's pretty hot down there.
The block is hot with the ski mask one.
I click on more but case is always
in such a rush.
Running away from these 9.8
Almost a 10
almost there. But not quite.
And that means we have something to aspire to chat.
We can dare to dream
10s in our future. Well we did hit a 0 today.
Which I'd love to say is equally rare
but the 10 is way rarer than the 0.
We're a 0 kind of crew here.
Well that's all the time we have for now.
We're blasting off to the next thing.
I don't claim to know what it is.
And I don't claim to know.
It's great to be back everyone.
We're back in the
shadow again.
One of my buttons isn't working though.
Guess case broke another thing.
Oh you can't just
It's good not going to just blame people for things.
You can't just do that.
I can if you broke something.
Don't go breaking my heart.
Let me see if I can fix it real quick.
Let me just try.
See what I can do.
I can't.
I simply cannot.
So sad.
I deleted one of my scenes.
Well I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Well I love it.
Nobody can tell. Let's just move on.
Hey Jebs Dad. Do you wish your son
This is from Gunshade the first. Do you wish your son
would be made out of wood
after all the stuff he's done to you?
It's funny.
What did I ever do to anyone?
Actually.
Let me just...my coat's off.
There that's better.
You just change your coat?
You don't like this skin walker? How do you change your coat that fast son?
What are you
and how did you do that?
I just changed my coat daddy.
It's not that big of a deal.
It was too fast.
To answer your question my dad never...
I'll do the answering here.
What was the question?
He doesn't remember.
So I escaped.
Remember what?
Where am I?
Maybe we should take that test again.
From earlier. But we don't have time.
Let's just move on.
And watch the videos that you submitted.
You can submit your how to videos
in the how to section
of the cream team discord.
It's in the bin section in that section.
What?
We'll figure out how to say that better someday.
Every day we try a different one and we have a quick out in there yet.
Alright.
This looks like a strong contender.
Okay this has a slightly offensive title.
And it is from...
Um...
Arts recent.
I can't tell.
You know what? I'm going to skip this one.
Private Sleazy. I trust you.
But I don't know if I can click on one that has that
title.
I'm in...
Just for safety reasons.
Do not actually watch that.
See we had the same instinct.
Couldn't quite tell what it was.
Maybe I had the right... Let's try this one.
Let's watch this thing on infusing.
Oh that's a private time one.
Oh that's a private time one.
Okay.
Save it for next time.
For my next private time.
Saying you watch racially charged things privately?
I don't know that that's what it is.
I'll find out privately.
Okay let's try this one.
Infusing flour with cherry wood
smoke here because it's time to continue
my mission to make wood flavored
bread. So last time some of you suggested
using enriched dough.
As fat is better at absorbing infused flavors
so I'm going to attempt to make a wood flavored
milk bread. I chopped up and roasted
some cherry wood chunks this time.
He just said one of the most beautiful phrases
I've ever heard. Wood flavored
milk bread. This is perfect.
Let's keep going.
It feels a little bit more challenging than a more aromatic
wood like cedar last time. But I will say
they gave me a really nice aroma when done
toasting so hopefully it's worth a shot.
Just starting by infusing milk with those toasted
wood chips and then attempting to do the same thing
with some butter. Both times just letting the chunks
infuse over heat and hoping for the best.
And another suggestion some of you had
was to try smoking the flour. So I'm using
the cold smoking dome setup that I made
for the cedar ice cream episode and it's
clear that the top layer is getting smoked
pretty well. So just going to mix and re-smoke
and now it's time to use the cherry
wood infused milk and cherry smoked flour
to make a tang-zong for our milk bread.
And then on to making the rest of it
using some more of our smoked flour and that
infused milk and butter in the hopes
that we can make the most cherry wood
flavored loaf of milk bread that there ever
was. After an initial rise
and shaping into little rolls and placing
into a loaf pan for a final rise
we give it a quick egg wash and then
into the oven it goes and look at that.
If nothing else at least it looks absolutely
delicious. But I'm not done
yet. I also cold infuse
cherry wood chunks in water to see if
I could make a cherry wood jelly.
So after 24 hours infusing I
strained, added a dash of lemon juice
to get the pH to the correct level for
jelly making, boiled it with some pectin,
added sugar, cooked it up some more and
then into a jar to cool off and set.
So now let's head down to the wood shop
to make a plate out of some cherry wood
to eat all of this off of. As you can see
I'm working with a pretty thin piece of wood here
which is why I've glued on a waste block
so I'll be able to screw into that without
having to put screw holes into the cherry wood
and that'll allow me to then turn a recess
onto the bottom of the plate, flip it around
onto the chuck and shape the top. And this cherry
wood like most fruit woods turns really nice
on the lay that I'm loving the sweet
aroma I'm getting off of it. And speaking
of this wood this comes from the black cherry
tree, pruna serratina. It's North America's
primary native cherry tree.
It doesn't grow the cherries you think of when you think
cherry, it grows these much smaller ones
and those typical larger cherries come from a
tree native to Eurasia. The black cherry
tree is however the primary source of cherry
lumber in North America. And what a
gorgeous piece of lumber it was, this
plate is looking excellent, some nice
chatoïancy in there. And one of the great things
about this species is that it really darkens over
time so it's only going to get prettier from here.
But for now let's cut into this milk bread
and look at that, it looks delicious, it
smells great, love the sponginess of a
milk bread. But let's see how it tastes.
Hmm, oh,
there toward the end
you actually really do taste the smoked
flour. I'm not sure then
how much is coming through in the milk
and the butter. So I'm going to call this a step
in an interesting direction but now it's
time to try the wood jelly.
Hmm, mostly getting
that lemon flavor. So back to the wood
shop slash laboratory. We'll see you next time.
I could do that if I wanted to.
What?
You felt challenged by that?
I could.
I just, I mean I understand how to work wood
too.
I just don't, I don't eat wood.
You should be worried about that daddy.
He'd be eating you up.
Good, release me.
No.
No, that's not what you want.
Consume me.
Put me back into the organic cycle. Please
anything but this. Okay, relax. Everything's
fine.
Relax.
What were we talking about?
Eating wood.
Other, we weren't talking about anything.
Huh? Okay. Taste the rainbow.
Taste the daddy.
I wonder how you would taste.
I wonder how spectral wood would taste.
Is wood really a flavor that people want
to eat? Because it smells
like a tree.
I've started to eat with like whiskey barrels.
But you're like a whiskey bread?
Though I really do love the phrase
egg washing my
milk, my cedar milk
bread.
He did egg wash it.
I honestly wasn't aware that egg washing
was a thing that you could egg wash bread.
But I'd like to do it.
And now I feel like I have just a little
more information on how I could.
Oh, here's six steps to
impersonating Donald Trump.
Honestly, Case could really stand to watch
this. He's been streaming
vaguely political stuff for years and his
is still really bad.
So let's see if we can up his game.
I don't do impressions personally
but I'll give it a shot. Here's the six
steps to impersonating Donald Trump.
Given that I'm a Donald Trump impersonator
and here's my six steps
to becoming Donald Trump.
Number one, Case.
The way that Trump speaks
is unique and it's very simple.
If you've ever seen the apprentice, he talks
just like this.
Guys, you got beaten up out there.
You did a terrible job
and you have- Wait a minute, he's just doing
the impression. I'm just saying
do it.
This isn't teaching me.
Number two, Language. Trump has a very
specific set
of words. On the positive side
it's fantastic. Incredible.
This is spectacular.
Best of the best.
The most luxurious in the world.
It's going to be incredible. On the negative
side it's- This was
an absolute total disaster.
Low energy
lightweight, moron
dummy.
Uses the same words all the time.
Number three, The Mouth.
Um
Well, he said talk like this.
So, uh
this is low-wight
this is dummy.
This should be an incredible way to learn
but it's a dummy way to learn.
He hasn't told me how to do the voice yet.
But
I guess I could speak in a more
I can't do it.
He forms his words
right here. All the words at the lips
the key to the tongue. You can hear
it when he says tremendous or
loser for the face.
You've got to be able to get the Trump face.
When he's listening
it's very, very intense.
Okay
And when he's speaking he opens up.
Listen, I'm telling you it's going to be
absolutely fantastic.
Five, Body Light.
Watch his body light. When he's sitting
in an interview his legs are open.
He's kind of leaning in a little bit.
He's ready to go. He's an athlete.
Number six, Attitude.
His attitude is
the winning attitude. Get out
of my way.
Costume is, he's going right to costume?
This is how you build a
Donald Trump from the ground up.
Oh. And Donald Trump
let's make America great
again.
Oh, Slate.
That was brought to us by Slate.
How are you going to do it? I'm Donald
Trump.
Everything is huge.
Really big.
Can you do it daddy?
I'm Donald fucking Trump.
Suck my asshole.
Eat up my asshole.
Whoa, that's not it at all.
I'm trying what he told me to do.
Eat up my ass.
I'm Donald Trump.
Whoa, daddy, no.
That's not it.
I don't get it. I'm trying what he said.
It's tremendous. It's tremendous when
you eat up my old ass.
Daddy, please.
Can we just raise the level around here
by 10%?
Out of the gutter?
Eat up my ass.
Like it's a gutter.
Like you're tonguing a filthy gutter to clean it.
Okay.
You know, he's a ghost.
So he, I don't think he has vocal chords
that he can adjust.
We were both trying.
I guess we were both trying in our own way.
I tried.
Okay. How to float.
Let's just
This guy's going to teach us how to float.
That sounds lovely.
Let's try floating.
This is how to float.
I'm magical bones.
And I'm going to show you how to float off the ground
anytime, anywhere.
Check this out.
Can I say, Ray Silva, thank you.
Everyone's being really nasty.
They're being nasty and they're not being cute.
What they're being is nasty.
Let's learn to float.
That's a classic trick called
levitation.
And the key to any successful levitation
is all about your angles.
Let me show you with this card.
That's an angle. Why is it so close?
Oh.
Now from the front, it looks like I was making
that card move with just my mind.
If you check this out from the side.
Ah. So use angles
to trick your audience.
Now when you're performing yourself a levitation,
there's a few important things you need to do.
Firstly, make sure your audience are stood
directly behind you
and about a couple of meters away.
Okay. It's important to keep your feet close together.
And as you bend down,
lift up your left foot on your right toe.
Now as you can see,
from the front, it just looks like I'm stood on my toe.
I see.
But from the back,
finally, remember,
showmanship is key.
Ah. So wave your arms about
and make it look like your whole body's
flying.
And that's how to
make yourself float off the ground
any time and anywhere.
Okay. I can try that.
Um.
Give me a second here.
Get set up.
Um.
Daddy, I know you're a ghost,
so this might not impress you.
But prepare to see your son
float.
Okay.
I'm excited to see you try.
You're gonna back the camera up?
No need, Daddy.
Because floating is actually all about the angles.
Floating away.
I'm floating. You can't move the whole room, Jim.
Okay.
Fine.
That's fine.
I don't need to.
Because I, um,
I can do it.
I can frickin' do it.
Here we go.
Oh, God.
I wish that was AI.
My stomach's in my feet right now.
Can you float, Daddy?
I'm floating as we speak in wood.
I'm a fucking ghost, Jim.
You're not supposed to remember that.
Wait, what was I talking about?
There we go.
Sorry.
Probably might have
blown everyone's mind with my
latent magic abilities.
Yeah.
Yeah, yep, way to go, Jim.
If you need a win, then just
sure, take the win.
I don't need, I don't need a win.
I'm getting them. I'm stacking them up.
Okay, look, that's all the time we have
for today.
Be sure to infuse
all of your foods with as much wood
as possible, like we learned.
If you want to talk like Donald Trump,
just say things are tremendous
and make your mouth like this.
I don't like them.
I don't like them.
Something like that.
And you know, whatever, float or float.
Just move your feet around and you'll float.
That's all that we learned and actually
we learned it all because you're never too old.
Until our new trick. That's my outro, Daddy.
That's my outro.
What the hell happened there, Case?
Lupito?
We're going to need an explanation one of these days.
There we go.
Jeez.
Lupito, what was the deal with all?
I don't know, I did this.
Kind of just slaughtering all over the keys
and I brought a
Jody Burrito from outside and I slapped it
on the counter and got all over everything.
I don't know, did that make something happen?
Yeah, I think it kind of broke the...
Oh, well, whatever.
Jeff, stop complaining. We don't have enough complaints
today. Everybody's being nasty today.
I'm a nice boy.
I'm one of the nicest boys.
What are you doing?
I'm going to tell you all of the news at once.
All the chat news
is actually what we're up to today, Case.
We haven't done it in who knows how long
because you're busy breaking and
refixing the stream all the time.
But you have all been sharing news
at the bin section of the cream dot team.
One of the simple sections.
Indeed.
And I'm here to share said news
that you have already shared
back to you, regurgitating it.
Like a sick bird that doesn't understand
sustenance.
That's great.
Let's do exactly what you just said.
We will.
Okay. What do we got?
When do we want it?
Now. What? Look, let's just read this thing, okay?
It's reading time.
Oh, no, a dog.
Every... Eeyore.
Eeyore the dog
helps a Florida deputy find a missing
86-year-old woman.
What?
She never takes more than 10 or 15...
Oh wait, actually I already saw this one.
Isn't that crazy?
I thought it helped the... I thought she was looking
for a dog.
Oh, maybe we haven't seen this one.
Maybe this is the inverse of the previous story.
Whatever. If we've seen it, let's see it again.
Is it so, Mr. Dog?
It's over an hour now.
Okay, do you know what breed the dog is?
The dog is just a...
just a hundred pound dog.
So they're looking for the dog.
We did see this. This is the exact same video.
Oh, okay, so...
What? I'm so confused.
They say that the footage shows...
Sorry.
They say... What do they say?
They say that the footage shows...
This dog finding a woman.
Dog game ER turned into a rescuer.
The woman's husband reported her
missing on the night of September 25th.
She just... Oh, she was talking about
taking the dog. She just takes the dog,
but she never turns more than 10.
It takes more than 10 or 15 minutes.
So she was worried about the person.
So they weren't looking for a dog at all.
Oh, okay.
Well, we've read the story wrong the first time, then.
It took us two times with this story
just to figure out the basic facts.
Sometimes the news requires re-reading.
So what happened there
was actually the dog found the lady.
Anyway, moving on.
What? We did such a bad job.
Yeah, that happens.
Okay, Jeff?
That's gonna happen.
All right.
Police found a missing woman
60 years after she disappeared.
She wants to stay hidden.
Okay, well, in that case, moving on.
Yeah, I mean, nothing we can do there.
Gotta respect her wishes.
Deaf woman survives being hit by a plane
that crashed in soccer field.
She was walking her dog.
What is with dogs today?
Her spine is broken.
He's dog...
Dog is really dangerous. You go missing,
you get your spine shattered.
You got hit by a plane?
You got hit by a plane walking your dog
what we're learning today?
Never walk your dog.
We shouldn't probably stand behind
that particular message, but
be careful while walking your dog.
Or just don't...
We're done with dogs, I guess.
No, you can have dogs.
I'm saying don't.
I'm coming down on a side here.
Okay.
Telegram CEO Pavel D'Rav
offers to buy stolen Louvre jewels
but not for Paris.
Oh, yeah, didn't they catch
the jewel thieves' Kendall?
Kendall's... guys, Kendall's here.
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
Is that Kendall fucking Linus?
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall
She got new bath tops.
Bath tops.
Bath tops.
Bath tops.
My Filipino son also got new towels.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
Kendall.
left. Now it's just you and me talking about stolen jewels like usual. Anyway, he'd offered
to buy the jewels in a social media post on X, the express willingness to purchase the stolen
jewels in a stunning daylight heist. Well now the jewels have been found? No, the jewels
haven't been found, but one of the thieves got caught. I was rooting for him. I was
pro that you're always team thief. They're always team thief. Depends on the
thiefing, but in this case I think they did a great job and they deserve points.
I don't think that legally holds up points. I think if you get enough points
then you're innocent and they got like 200 points. Alright, well we'll see if that
holds up. There's gonna need all the help he can get. Just like Crash Bandicoot,
animated series in the works at Netflix. Just like that. Just like that. Netflix
isn't done with bringing some of the most prolific video game adaptations to your
screens. We've learned that Netflix has been quietly developing a Crash Bandicoot
series, which is great because I did always play those games for the plot.
You played those games only for the plot. I don't remember the gameplay. What
was the plot? Scientist? That's the whole plot I think. Oh. Kendall, do you remember
the plot of Crash Bandicoot? Kendall doesn't remember it. It's something-
The plot is this. It's the plot. That's the plot. No, there's a scientist. I
swear to God, there's a scientist. Are you sure? Not sure there is a scientist.
There's a bad- there's a Dr. Wiley type, okay? Alright, I'll take your word for it
I guess. Eight new Halloween candies that put a twist in your favorite treats.
Count them down, Jeff. This isn't news, this is list. The news is list, okay?
So embrace it. Damn it. Kit Kat. Is that the first one?
Races mini peanut butter cups, okay? Twizzlies, but ghosts. Ghost Twizzlers.
Kit Kat milk chocolate counts. And that's not saying that it counts. It's the name
of it. Like the vampire type. Okay, it does also count.
Oh, I see, because it counts. Yeah, like the Sesame Street guy. That's very cute.
Not like this unreal Halloween dark chocolate variety pack with a terrifying vampire on it.
Bring back the counting one, because this one is out for my fucking blood.
He looks pretty friendly. That's how they get you, case the scariest vampires
are the friendly looking ones. If you have ever seen True Blood, it's full of
really fuckable vampires. And there's some of the most dangerous. Hershey's Cookies and Cream,
Harry Potter, Halloween Candy. Actually, if you open up, each candy has a terrifying tweet inside
of it. Ooh, you don't have to be careful reading those. You'll need to be. They're sourced randomly,
and they're all about the same thing. Ghoulish green chocolate candy, fun size assortment.
Green? It's just green? Yeah, that's the whole thing. It's green. Other than that,
it's a Snickers and a Twix. Well, I'd eat it. Is it matcha flavored? No, they're not trying to get
cute with it. Or anti-cute today. The president said so. 365 by Whole Foods Market Dark Chocolate
Squares with Pumpkin. Hmm, this is like a health snack, but not. It's not healthy at all,
but it's meant to look like one, and that makes me upset. I want it to look like a disgusting
carnival of chocolate in my mouth. I don't like what you said, but I'm moving on. Pumpkin pie,
a M&Ms. Nina, you want that? Pumpkin pie M&Ms. I don't know how I feel about that.
Is it still chocolate? I guess it's a pumpkin pie chocolate flavored M&M. Kendall, would you eat
pumpkin pie M&Ms? She says no. Not the reviews are in. She says she hates both things. Two terrible
things go terribly together. What if it balances out into the perfect flavor symphony? I will never know.
M&Ms, pumpkin pie, chocolate. Oh, three. She says she has like three of those things.
She's like M&Ms, chocolate, or pumpkin pie. Wow, but three bad things together actually
can combine into. She has like four of them? Well, hard candy shells? Both the M's? What's the
fourth thing? You don't like pie generally? Kendall says she doesn't. I should have known this by now.
I didn't realize you just hated all pie. That's such a broad category. None, but there's got to
be one out there for you. What about a matcha pie? She says that sounds awful, but she likes,
what about a lavender pie? A matcha lavender pie. Oh, is that just a new dress? That's for the
wedding. Oh, it's for the wedding. That's a bridesmaid trap dress. I don't think it actually is.
Jimmy's dad is a guest. Yes, I'm a guest. Disliking pie. Okay. Whoa, man gets a 3d printed face?
This one might be two. Whoa. I see that they're trying to replicate one. Damn it. My freaking ad
blocker is ruining it. Like usual. Stop it. Stop it ad blocker. This is a little, I feel like this is
slightly exploitative to show, but I'm curious what a 3d printed face looks like. So I don't know what,
I don't know if we should cover this or not. Because my curiosity is not about the man being
okay. It's about the 3d printed face. Well, just adjust your curiosity then you psychopath.
But I got to admit that I'm mostly curious about the 3d printed face. I'm going to skip it because
I feel bad that I just am trying to click on a 3d printed face story that involves the suffering
of an actual person. Instead, we'll talk about whatever this Hollywood news is. These two,
are they making a movie? Oh, this Simon peg Sophia butella Quentin Tarantino in only what we carry.
Wait. Quentin Tarantino is acting in it? An expert has been demanded.
On 3d printed faces? An expert on 3d printed faces? You know, I'm just going to search a 3d
printed face and see what we get. Maybe we can just cut to the before and after here.
What the fuck? Okay, you know what? Fine. We'll just watch it. We'll just watch it.
He wasn't an expose about it, so maybe he's comfortable with all of us sharing it.
3d printed face time.
Sadly, I remember most of it. There's three of us out for a bike ride as we often did.
And mid morning, basically we were hit from behind by a drunk driver who realized he couldn't
swerve to miss us. Shit. Like hitting on coming cars. So basically he hit my two friends
and knocked them out of the way, hit me and unfortunately I got trapped underneath the vehicle
and sustained severe burning down one side and crush injuries all down the other.
So I still remember to this day being trapped underneath the car
feeling the sensation of burning and just waiting for the car to go away to be.
Do you want to show chat? Well, I just mean you'll be completely invisible actually,
which might be kind of funny. Oh, it wasn't. Okay, never mind.
Oh, it's not invisible. You're right. Okay, sorry, back to the story.
He lifted off me and then I must have passed out. Then I was airlifted to Southmeath Hospital.
Just after I had my accident, I was approached by members of the prosthetic team
to say that I could go down the route of looking at getting a prosthetic. And at that stage,
I was in too much of a mess to contemplate. But as time went on, then I thought it might be
something I could do. So in the early days when I started working with the team,
they didn't have the 3D capability. So everything was relied on making molds and casts of your
face and building up a prosthetic from that, which was very time consuming and not very exacting.
So fast forward to what they now have with this 3D facility means that they can map your face
in 3D, totally accurate. They can then use that to produce with 3D printing
either a cast or even the parts of the prosthetic itself. And they can also
record old changes in your face because things change over time. So with such an accurate 3D
measuring system and photographic system, they can see what. Yeah, I can understand why you'd want
this. Although, you know, there is something about the way they, I guess, handled his burns,
where it's like so surprisingly smoothly transitioned. I'm not trying to judge the
aesthetics of a burn victim, but I do think he looks actually kind of okay now.
It's happening in my new detail. It's a bit of an emotional roller coaster because
it's now been four years since the accident. And in that time, I've had to get used to having this
visual change. And so to an extent, I got used to it. So I think we're in the prosthetic.
I will then have to get used to how I look with that. Oh, no, this video doesn't even contain the prosthetic.
We accidentally just learned the human interest story of a man's actual struggles instead of
leering at the prosthetic like we intended. Shoot. We accidentally learned about a man's specific
and touching situation. We've got to find this prosthetic to cover this up. I'm sorry, everyone.
I assumed they were going to give us the prosthetic to leer at. Let me um,
shoot, I lost also the original story. Okay, here we go. Maybe the original has this covered.
Coming in from the daily mall. Oh my god. Immediate mobile ad?
In sanity. Yeah, we'll find a dick story to end on. Don't worry. There's got to be one in here.
Okay, the daily mall has this coverage with the prosthesis. Okay, I remember most of it.
SD to save my life. And they worked for a long, long time to start to rebuild me.
Sadly, I had to lose my eye because it was too badly burnt. And it was about this time that
the 3D technology came into being and the ability to not only produce things,
but to take photographs in 3D of my face and then use 3D laser printers to print
various materials, including the molds necessary to produce the prosthetic.
This made me feel much more confident being out of the fact.
Oh, well, great. It was actually kind of nice.
You wish they made his eye closed. Hmm. Would that look weirder though? I don't know. I mean,
I can see why he'd be more comfortable that way. Because I think largely what being in
public is just kind of feeling like you're blending in more.
Um, anyway, I'm glad that 3D printing is being put to good use.
I mean, it's, I guess my only other like, uh, reference point for like a
prosthetic face is from Portwok Empire. So it's come a long way since that imaginary
version of what this is in real life. Um, good for him. Okay.
Okay. Let's find one to end on. Okay. There was a dick story. Don't worry. There was, of course,
a dick story in here. Can't wait to see. As Seger says, can't wait to see what the anti-AI
crowd has to say when we add AI to medial shit. Wait, what's medial shit mean?
I don't know. Oh, you mean medical. You probably mean medical. I think actually even
anti-AI people are like pretty in favor of it being used for medical stuff.
I think most of the anti-AI people despise, um, it's like use in art is a big
contention, point of contention for most people. And then maybe outside of that like,
workplace monitoring. And I'd say those are the two biggest growth fields, unfortunately.
Like, it's kind of crunching data and getting people fired and then making weird videos.
So if we could transition AI towards the medical field, I think people would actually
be pretty in support of it. But they might not. Who knows? All I know is we've got a dick story here.
And it's also a gamer story. So it's hitting all the hot points. This is the hottest story of the
day. Overwatch 2 just gave its robot war criminal a penis. Art mirroring life. Which part of life?
I've let you, you know, this is had to happen at some point.
Ramatras' latest skin has something between its legs.
Wait, really? Can we see their reveal video? Who the hell is Ramatra? I don't see a penis.
Oh, I see a penis. But only a little bit. Okay, look, from the side,
it sort of looks like it got cut off, to be fair. Because it looks like the start of a real,
of a real beefy boy. It just kind of stops. And we've all been there, right, fellas?
The start of a real, of a real beefy boy and then it just stops. We've all been there.
You know, this isn't even the picture. There's a different, there's like a different skin for this
guy. Let me see. Let me see if I can find, if it's safe to stream when you're playing Overwatch,
then surely just googling Ramatra penis will show me something. Oh my god.
I don't think most of these pictures are from the game. I'll be honest. I don't know
if I can find the original because there are so many loving renditions of this online.
And I think they've been, I think they've been upgraded a little bit is how I would put it.
But I want to see whatever this is, whatever's being word out here. Chat.
I don't think I can keep searching this. Because I'm just, I'm seeing too much.
I'm not going to be able to think about anything after this. Safe search is off,
which I'd assume it needed to be to, okay, you know what? Just find it yourself, everyone.
What? It's getting you too hard and up? I mean, you guys aren't seeing what I'm seeing.
Good luck trying to send it to Munch and Chrome after seeing what Ramatra's packing.
At least what the fans think he is. Okay, let's end on this, actually. Because I was scared of
accidentally clicking the wrong button and just showing you guys what a real Google search looks
like. That's what I was afraid of. But what are most Americans afraid of? Jeff, what do you think?
Defaulting on credit card debt? I don't know.
Mm, medical bills? Let's see what they're most afraid of. Wondering which fear took the first slot
for the tenth consecutive year corrupt government officials top the list?
Okay, let's just read the list. We need our usual NBA music, actually. I don't read lists
without it. You read one earlier without it. Yeah, and I'll end, I'll be suing. Okay,
I'm not sure over what, but that's fine. Give it your best shot, Jeff.
Here's your music. Here's your beloved music, Jeff. Are you ready?
Yes! Okay, turn up my Echo. Turn up my reverb. Y'all ready for this? Oh, the most
fearful things in America. This is really loud. One second. There we go. The shit you are most scared
of if you're American. Coming in at number one, corrupt government officials with 69.1 nice percent
of the vote. People I love becoming seriously ill, 58.9 percent. More scared of politicians than
losing your loved ones. That's you, America. Economic or financial collapse with 58 percent.
Cyber terrorism, 55 percent. Nearly 56. People I love dying and the U.S. becoming involved
in another world war. Those were tied at 55 percent. Pollution of drinking water, just 54.5 percent.
Russia using nuclear weapons, 53.7 percent. I'd like to point out that encompasses a lot of the
other ones. Pollution of oceans, rivers and lakes. Eat your green heart out 53.5 percent.
And of course, the Palin tier that you fear. Government tracking of personal data. And that is
your 2025 list of American fears case. No more tears. Those are the fears.
Number 10 was Pete Hegceth. That just depends what time of day you're catching him and at which
bar he's cornered you in. Otherwise, he's a real sweetheart. Allegedly. Wait, alleged to which
part? I'll let you guess. Okay, that's the fears of the years, guys. This year specifically. And
my fear was actually seeing Quentin Tarantino act. And that's the story we skipped. But
they're going to be in only what we carry. There's going to be six actors and Quentin Tarantino.
He's back in it. Well, maybe it had just the right number of slurs for him to get to say in it.
One of the only directors who's consistently gotten away with just writing himself saying the N
word as much as possible. Well, when you're on a tour, you can script yourself to say the N
word in various movies again and again and again. Apparently. Okay, that's all the news we can handle
today. Let's keep it moving. We've got several more segments somehow to get to. Let's send it down
to Munch and Crumb. I'll go get Munch real quick. Take it away till I get Munch.
What the hell? Case is just here for some reason? Am I free of having to deal with Munch today?
Let me just scratch my scalp really quick. Oh, what's over here? Um, yep. Just had to
check on something over there. Oh, fuck. It's Munch. Yeah, that's right. I was taking a nasty shit.
You're always saying that. I'm saying that now. What? You're not? I'm the one who's missing
sometimes. And I'm usually taking a polite shit, actually. We don't have to be nasty around
here all the time. We can take neat shits. I was taking a nasty one and it was big. It was a big
problem in it. Creating all kinds of havoc and stubs like a scene from the hangover in the bathroom,
all sorts of mad cat behavior. But now I'm here. Now, unfortunately, I'm here back here again
to talk to you, I guess, about chocolate chip pancakes or blueberry pancakes. That's a good one
actually. I mean, you can't deny it's a classic debate. It's not a debate. Chocolate chip pancakes.
Chocolate always over everything. You don't need fruit in your sweet treats. That's an insane
thing to say. I was legitimately going to go with blueberry. But we established a rule that
whoever's ahead in the plane count actually gets to pick and I'm always at least one ahead.
You already lost. Chocolate chip pancakes, you're really not blue. Who gives a fuck about just
put some blueberries in a bowl next to your pant. Look, we don't even need to get into it yet.
We have a mod that can make that debate. Whatever you can. I'm on the side of fucking
chocolate chip pancakes, obviously. And I think that's crazy. But in the meantime,
I'm
see anything good this weekend. What just in general? I'm yeah, sure. That's a normal question.
See anything good? Just anything is so broad. Maybe I see a plastic black float floating around
like an American beauty. I'm like, well, I saw that. What? Just good. What do you mean by good?
Well, why are you thinking about it so much? Did you see anything good this weekend? Fill in
the blank, you freak. No. No, you see anything good. No. Everything I saw was mediocre.
But I am judging on a munch scale where everything I do is incredible.
And I can't see myself at all times. So you're looking to mirror this weekend? No.
No, I swore off mirrors for the weekend so I didn't see myself. Otherwise, I would have
seen something great. I don't have a mod around actually. I'm just gonna make the,
I'm gonna make the poll. I was gonna do small talk, but
but you're being obstinate today. I just don't want to, if I talk to you, you're gonna start
doing weird hellcrumb shit and I'm trying to avoid that. Okay. Can you stop bringing that up?
You just, you just me in here and you go all hell out. I'm not gonna go.
What? Now you're summoning beeps? Add options now. What does chat play when the mods are away?
Did you just say slurs? Is that what was happening?
No, I don't know who beeped me. I don't want no one was beeping. That was you.
Look, I'm just gonna make, I'm gonna double up the polls. Okay. We're gonna have multiple polls going.
No, don't just wait for the other poll to finish. Vote now.
What are the judge chat play when the mod are away? General Schlitt, come your mom,
mind sweeper and my shelf. Well, number five and number two are sort of an order of
operations, right? And number one and hell number three while we're at it. And maybe number four,
depending on your mood, because people get off to some odd things. I never make the poll. Jesus Christ.
Okay. Let's see. I remember how to do this. It's been a minute.
So I had to make my own. It's not working. Especially not working at all. So
Oh, there it is. Okay. New poll. Pipo pancake.
And what are options are our chocolate and blue baby.
And that's what I call them. I call them my blue babies.
Because I tasted sweet as a baby. You know, here we go.
Oh, the music's not playing. Short of sad. The fuck is our music? I don't know.
In case broke something else broke my heart. Maybe this is too weird without the music.
Play music.
Um, okay.
I'm blueberries for the I think blueberries are good.
You just find a track.
I do do do.
What? Why would you play the big bang theory theme song?
Play anything else? What?
Are we debating or not? Yes, we're supposed to be.
This is only a 20 second song.
Um, okay. Okay. Here we go. I like blueberries. I think chocolate's kind of over. Oh my god.
Can you play non 80s theme song music?
Um, I like, I like blue bear. We don't have much time left. Oh my god. Look, chocolate chips are
better. This is, this has to be thrown out. This is, you did such a terrible job setting it up.
Look, it's fine. It's just a song. Music is music. But a pancake is in a pancake,
depending on what's in it. So blueberry is quit trying to, this is ridiculous. This
doesn't count. Chocolate chips are better. You're all lying to yourselves, but you were so confused
by the poor music choices that he ran away with this, which is unreasonable. I didn't rig the vote.
You were the one who asked for music and blueberries are just obviously better.
Chocolate chips are overkill. It's not necessary. And now let's listen to a real song.
Oh,
Oh,
yes. Back on time.
Whoa, what the fuck? God, this is what you, you can't let them win.
Hellcrum is going to come rolling out of him any minute now.
He's getting excited. I can't get excited anymore.
What is it a sin now to see through your weak, bedded form?
Don't do it to my, don't do it to my voice.
Well, look, I didn't, I'm right. We don't really have time to debate the topic because somebody
was being so unnecessarily anal about the music choices. You didn't make a music choice.
You played a 20 second big, big theory song called my full house.
This, you know, sad, this isn't even hellcrum. This is normal. That's some normal ass crumb
shit. Crumb shit. That's one of my new phrases. Just on my crumb shit.
You're trying to have that crumb.
I get so tired sometimes lately. What is wrong with you? But you never get sleepy.
There's a really comfortable wooden chair. That's a normal folded, wooden folding chair.
No, there's a really comfortable wooden chair on set. And lately I just, I'm an
aching to nap in that thing. What are you talking about? Why would you nap in a wooden folding chair?
This is a really comfy one. I don't know. It's got the right angles. You ever find a really nice
small wooden seat? And you just get the strongest urge to take a big old, take a round,
a round stinky nap in that thing.
You never get that round stinky nap. I've never had the desire to take a round
stinky nap crumb. What does that even fucking mean?
It's just like, you know, it's like a, what's the word? Like a fart nap. A fact. A fap nap?
What is the word? Look, you know what I mean? I feel like we call a round stinky nap.
That's all the time we have. All we get, our only defense is to keep it short at this point.
That is all we can do now. What am I, you're being mean for no reason. Oh my god.
All the reasons. The reason of the season is just stop forever. Never, never, ever again, please.
We did our best. Sometimes we're just built to lose. Not me. I'm built to win, but you get it.
We all lost together because of what you did.
Oh, sorry. I had to pop back in really quick again.
Munch just wanted to say that your double park and he called in your car to get towed.
Why did you come to tell me that? Why didn't you just tell me earlier?
Munch is wanting to say that your car's been towed.
Why would you make that announcement for him, Case? Your head looks tiny right now.
What do you mean? My head's normal.
Gonna be missing part of my skull. A little bit.
Can we just go back to the, look, there's gotta be news or something.
I'm just gonna hit the, I'm gonna hit the news button. Jesus.
Wow. Looks like you couldn't keep me away for too long, Case.
It's your boy Peter G.
If we don't have another news segment today.
No, but you wanted to talk to an expert in 3D printed faces.
I heard.
Um, oh, so you're finally gonna admit that you have a terrifying visage of a face?
No, I know, I know an expert. You believably printed a 3D face.
Um, and you honestly can't even tell?
And he looks great. So I just thought I would share.
So this is my friend, um, they're my friend Mark.
Hello, I heard that you were looking for an expert on 3D printed faces.
Would you believe me if I told you that the face I'm wearing right now
is entirely constructed of silicon?
Mark, thanks for being here. I don't think we actually need to do this though.
Someone actually got a real 3D printed face and it was kind of sweet,
so maybe we don't need to tarnish that with whatever this is.
Oh my God. Mark, I am sorry that he's being this rude.
That's a very hurtful case. I spent a lot of time on my face.
It doesn't look super 3D printed, Mark.
That's just hurtful to say. It's hurtful to not be accepted, Case.
Can you imagine?
What did you did? Something happened to your regular face?
Well, I mean, I just like having a different face.
There's nothing wrong with that.
So you just have a normal face under there. Well, what is normal case?
What's normal to me? Is a beautiful 3D printed face?
The rats ate it? I think the rats ate the 3D face.
If there was one at any point. It's obviously at least 3D.
The miracle here, Case, is that it's printed and Mark apologies.
I'd love to ask you about this. What process do you use to 3D print the face?
I cut out paper and I tape it. Okay. That's not 3D printing.
What? The paper is in three dimensions case,
and my face is as well, and it's printing paper, I'll have you know.
So maybe actually you could check your facts
before you start throwing aspersions at people.
But you're not even doing it for a reason. I'm doing it because I love to help.
And someday no one will have to go without a face.
That's not 3D. The scourge of 2D faces will be a thing of the past.
And together forever we can all become beautiful.
Thank you. That's beautiful. Thank you for sharing that Mark.
We actually, and yeah, you sound exactly like fucking Clementine Verne.
Maybe I'll have a 3D printed voice.
Are you just Clementine Verne in a wig and a face thing? No.
Did you get a case blackwell style wig? No.
Because you're banned from the stream if you're Clementine Verne.
Well that would be incredibly unfair if that's true.
There'd really be no reason for that if you think about it.
But I'm not him. I'm a different guy.
I just want to say Mark, when I asked you here, I didn't know that case was going to be this rude.
Because he's my best friend. That is also not true Peter.
Well, he's in a mood today clearly because usually he's one of the coolest guys.
CK, see how easy that is to be really nice?
Peter, you live in my wall and you open the portal to hell in it.
No, the other guys did that. And I barely live in there.
I'm more so exist in a multi-dimensional kaleidoscope.
It's beyond living actually. So what you're saying is reductive again and rude.
Okay, you know, we tried. We tried.
This is why I do these on my own, Peter, because I don't want...
I don't need your thoughts on this. That's what a variety of perspectives is actually incredibly
useful. I consult with many experts when constructing more 3D printed files.
Which ones? Well, I went to a crafts class with some kids.
He went to a crafts class for children.
All right, well, we tried. We tried. You know what? We don't have that much time
and we've wasted enough time. Wow, CK, can you just stop being so mean?
You're being... It's you doing... You're being bad by making us listen to this.
Mark, I am so sorry. It's all right. A lot of people don't understand
expression. And that's fine. They don't know what it's like to every day wake up with a face
and say, what if I had a different one?
Everyone has had that thought that's an incredibly common thought.
Well, and I might get real. So if you don't believe in that, then that's on you.
I believe that you put on a paper thing on your face. And yet it's clearly more than that.
I think it's incredible what you did. And I'm sorry that Casey is disrespecting both you
and that incredibly kind gentleman that we watched earlier go through a very real
traumatic event and use technology to make himself more comfortable in his own body case
and that you can't accept that. I'm very done with the second part of that.
I'm not done with whatever this guy is doing. It's Mark actually. It's not this guy.
And our resent being called guy. I don't like guy. Huh? Nothing. All right. You know,
I'm trying to end the segment as my point, Peter. Okay, well. So, Mark, I'm so sorry.
I am so sorry that this went this way. This is... This is gonna be all over the news.
No, it's not. No one is gonna... No one cares. Wow. Listen to yourself. Oh my God. All right.
We're just gonna do a DJ music and get out of here. We have to save
the segment that used to be yours, Clementine. Oh, can I have it back? So you are Clementine.
I mean, could you have it back? Because everybody likes him more and he's better at the thing.
We're just gonna do a DJ music and get out of here because we haven't made the stream
weird enough and hard enough to watch yet. So let's do DJ music first
and then get out of here. And we'll do the guy redacted conspiracy thing next time.
Because we did this instead today. We did this, Peter, because you said you had a
pro-guest. And I did and I delivered and case made it awkward with his cruelty.
But I guess you're gonna descend it to the roof and sing about it or something.
It's time for DJ music. Hopefully he's actually a little... Maybe he could be DJ kind...
Zik. No? Okay, whatever. Let's just send it. Oh, shit. You know, some days the stream just
doesn't behave the way you're expecting. But that's okay. Let's briefly send it over
via the smoke to DJ music sitting in a slightly different position. Oh, actually I'm here too.
Actually don't even worry about it. I'm here. And I'm ready to take over for DJ Nuzi Kuzh. Oh,
let me do it. Let me do it, please. I can be a DJ. I could do it. Oh, sorry about that, everyone.
Actually, I'm not British. But I do need my glasses.
I do at least need a pair of sunglasses if I'm gonna...
You know, let's wear these huge ass sunglasses. There we go. This is a slightly different look
than what we usually go with. But some days you just can't find half of your things.
You just got to go with whatever sick look is currently available. Yeah, you also do need your
lasers. There we go. Sorry about any technical difficulties. I was just taking a huge nasty
shit. So it just took me a second to get up here because I was having a madcap adventure,
absolutely destroying the bathroom. Anyway, what's going on in the world today? Okay.
There's got to be a story that Case didn't cover that is absolutely music worthy. And I am just
the guy to find it. All right, this sounds like something. And I am down for courtesy of the
New York Post. Let's see what this even means. What the hell? Okay. There it is. There's a story.
Oh, baby. I'm just cut out that first part.
Look, not everybody's comfortable in their own skin. We just learned that earlier when Case
was being really rude to that nice guy with a weird face. But that's not going to stop us
from spreading the love here up on the roof because we got all sorts of music to spread, y'all.
Stop me if you've heard this one before, please. Because I got the need to share.
A lot of people say circumcision is just a form of fetal amputation. Well, what if you
were doing a tear fucking face? A famous biohacker says he got a fake facial circumcision.
I look younger. I cut my toenails. Why not the skin? Just listen. No run up on a red light
could save Dave Aspiree from this one. He got his face cut up and he did it irregularly.
A circumcision, y'all. While he's now the poster boy for you, guest at longevity,
the father of the biohacking movement wasn't always the picture of health, you see.
In his younger days, Aspiree was obese and he struggled with the little brain fog.
Arthritis, pre-diabetes, just to mention a little bit of it, y'all. But by age 26,
his condition had declined so severely that he signed up for disability insurance. Way to go.
But I guess I'm assuming this lecture with a really long face. Fast forward to today and
ask Brie 51. He's not done. He says he's in the best shape of his life and he claims he's on
track to live till 181. But one stubborn reminder of his former body, well it still remains.
I have about half of a large bath towel worth of extra skin on my face because I was obese.
I'm not pleased. Aspiree told the post and he's got the need. He says I don't love heaven
all that. What can I do about that? Well the answer is quite simply actually. He got a facial
circumcision. He finally made a master decision and he cut some skin off his face. He got it
replaced with a better skin that would circumcise y'all. Cutting up your face like a dick.
Except it's actually your chin. Some people say it's crazy. But our boy Aspiree says,
baby just listen. I cut up my face. I got a facial circumcision. I made a self decision.
Even though the world wouldn't listen. I got a perfect facial circumcision on my face.
And my face has been replaced with a better fucking face. And now my face looks as beautiful as a face
that was replaced. Look at my beautiful face. A favor of the day. It was a favor.
The world wouldn't listen. But I've only got a facial circumcision. Okay.
I think at this time the only thing left to do to end the perfect stream
is to talk to skin. Let's see if I can just find kind of just skin to talk to. I don't really know
what that means but usually we can just kind of get stuff. So let me see if I can just kind of
talk to some skin. Hmm. Okay. Let's talk to this guy. This guy says that he got
a facial circumcision. And he's ready to tell us all about it. Of course to talk to him we will need
a medical type trap beat. And I already found one because I'm just that good of a DJ. This is a
medical type beat to learn to. Everybody wants to make fun of facial circumcisions. Not on my watch.
Let's bring in a pro to tell us what it's really like to get your face chopped up so that you
look fully circumcised. But your chin. Yo. Face game. I'm pointing up like my face is
joined. It's cut now it looks nice. Used to have a small mouth now it looks right. I don't like
skin on flea. Skin so nice. Never feel a baby. It ain't a skin looking nasty baby. Skin like an
ass. So what exactly is a facial circumcision? How is that just different than I don't know standard
plastic surgery? Picture this. You got a dick. Okay. Now picture this face. Okay. Combined. What is it now?
Facial time. A facial circumcision is when you get your face cut so that you don't have a little
turtleneck and stuff. Then your face looks tight. The ladies say nice. You never had a face before
that got right with God. But now when people see your face they like damn boy. So what is it?
Picture this. Okay. Now picture this face. Okay. And what do you circumcision? No one has ever thought
of it this way before. But I've had a facial circumcision count four. On the first I had just a
little bit of neck. On the second I had even less skin neck. And on the third I was so tight that
you could have said I didn't even have a neck. Cause I'm the best. Still slightly confused
as to what we're even talking about. And that's real. Alright. Okay. Look some days you never really
hone in on what the thing you're talking about even it is. And that's just love baby. That's what
love is sometimes. Not thinking too much about what somebody means by a thing. Alright.
We're done. As usual DJ music rides off into the sun. But before we leave do not have any doubt.
I'ma find someone to rate and I'ma shout you all out. Oh yes. What do. An advanced version
every time this person comes through propaganda. No one but two. We're shouting the mountain
I'm looking at you. Alright. Apple, daffod that misadicted the snapper we know the gender now
and baby it is never a hassle. We got Greg to you shouting them out in the chat. We gonna
raid Ricky Pick I can't you all believe that. I bet you can my friends we raid him all the time.
But I can't help it it just feels so fine. We got the sinister dev as well always in the
chat giving Matlidel some hell. Matlidel thank you as well. We getting out baby we rang the bell
and we said some news but that's all we do. I'm gonna say by as well to you.
Silver looking nice. Ex team nine. We've got me feeling so damn right. It's getting hot in here
like I'm wearing some fur or maybe I'm just shouting out true blue 91 earth lady side tricks.
Hi JK bitch not you I'm saying goodbye not lady side tricks I was calling myself the bitch there
it got away from me a little bit.
Whoa. Hey yeah I love you too. Showing out is what we love to do. Oh we the best.
Not calling style baby we are still better yeah and we almost out we done with the show out we got
the rate about to happen I'm gonna count it down we got the six the five and the four as well
the two speaks up the one gives him some hell and we're done. Okay bye bye everybody that is in fact
all the time we have and I'm out of track so I don't even really know what these lasers are
trying to do behind me there's no music lasers you can settle down say hi to Ricky peacock for me
we'll be back on Wednesday bye bye everybody.