I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I may love to the hype train in hell.
Hey.
Yo, don't get so excited.
Don't say yet the exact same time as me, Pepito.
I'll say anything I wanted anytime to anyone.
I am goes the dinobots.
I can say anything, case.
I am a dog.
Great news, everyone.
Pepito, still a dog.
A hype train is currently far too active in the chat.
A hype train, way too active in the chat.
Hype train.
Why?
That's not a hype train.
Man, that's not a hype train at all.
Uh...
Oh, no.
Now I am.
Yes!
Yes!
Yeah.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where the hell is all the sounds I usually make?
There's usually just a beat playing when you're active.
Your own beat.
There's always some version of you screaming at us.
No, I don't scream.
If anything, I just talk, you know, actively, actively.
I'll talking.
Shut up, case.
Play me a...
It's a SpongeBob.
Play me a Snorks type beat.
Snorks? I don't know.
Play me a...
Play me a Cathy type beat.
Did the Dilbert guy die?
Didn't he ever even talked about it?
Play me a Dilbert times Cathy type beat.
Dilbert X Cathy type beat?
What would that even be?
That doesn't exist.
There's a limit even to YouTube.
But I can type in Dilbert rat beat in honor of
Premier Hypnotist slash
Magikonservative the Dilbert guy, Steve Adams?
No, that's not his name.
Steve something?
Yeah, that's his name.
A Jorkin type beat?
There's no Dilbert.
There's no Dilbert trap beats either.
That's so sad for Dilbert.
I don't know what a Dilbert trap beat would be.
I don't know if there's any famous noises.
Oh, never mind. There's a Juice Roll type beat just called Dilbert.
Are we gonna say that? That counts?
Yeah, that counts.
That 100% counts.
Scott Adams.
R.I.P. to Scott Stevenson Adams.
Yeah, we'll miss you, Stevie.
Scotty Adams with the beats.
I can't remember why he died, but it was sad.
He was in the office and I guess he was feeling bad.
And now Dilbert's at death well, cause he lost his dad.
Who was Scott Stevenson Adams?
And we feel so sad.
It's such a sad day.
We miss David Goddard day, but we gonna get it better anyway.
Cause it's a Dilbert day.
It's a Dilbert day.
I saw a girl in the office and I wanted her.
Like Dilbert, I strolled up to the copier.
I slept my junk down on the copier scanner.
And then I scanned my penis on it.
And then I sat around the office.
It didn't work. It got me fired boo.
And now I'm crying because Dilbert's dead too.
So many bad things, it's true.
R.I.P. Scott Adams who refused to get cancer treatment and injected ivermectin.
But at the last minute he said whoops and then he went to the hospital.
But they said sorry Dilbert, actually cancer ward is full.
Okay, let's not. He is actually dead. We shouldn't make assumptions.
Woo, woo, woo.
Alright Peter Dilbert.
Dilbert died and I just saw him in hell.
And I'm sad to report that he's actually doing well.
He is back in a sub-giant, papticon of observation.
From which there is no escape.
It's essentially the same exact fate that you have when you're trapped in a corporate hellscape.
So there basically was no change at all.
And now we play a little Dilbert ball.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
He kept writing letters.
Letters to Penthouse and or the or Dilbert.
Ah yeah, I'm gonna start thinking chat.
Ah yeah, they see what they have dropped for me.
They got some subs probably if I need to say blablabla.
Command to get 37 slurp slurp for 37.
Blablabla blablabla blurp blurp.
Well that'll take care of that.
But Peter, the hype train fucked up again and he didn't finish.
Thanking everybody.
Why do I have to pick up on his little piece of shit?
I have to pick up the slack on his little piece of shit.
Little piece of shit?
Little fucking piece of shit.
Play me the little peep. See things this way, type beat.
Play me the little peep the way I see things type beat case.
What even is that?
It's so emotional.
The beats today are so emotional, Pepita.
We're feeling everything today.
Oh yeah, this beat sucks ass.
It's fucking boring man.
But subs are awesome, yeah.
And it do you with all the 39 moves.
You never change, baby, never move on.
But I'll spray with 100 half bits.
Spill it on the floor and then I went lick lick
and I slipped up all the bits
because you know I saw a fan sir.
Apple, apple came in with a hundred bit fan sir.
But the sprout was going nasty with the five community subs
and honestly everybody was sure we're white
to a community love, love, love.
And that's it. That's all I had to do.
Oh. Yeah, you don't actually have to wrap everything.
You just say it. I could have just said it.
But I didn't.
Okay. The hype train's already died.
That's how we start the stream almost every time.
And I guess we love to see it.
We've got the new segment requested,
which functions slightly.
It's slightly functional.
So we'll give it another shot.
The mom is probably going to talk a lot again
if I had to guess.
And that's good.
I like the mom.
You like the mom?
I like mommy's.
Don't call on that.
They're my mommy's.
They're your mommy's?
Every mommy is my mommy.
But my main mommy is still Fiona Nova.
Wow, really?
Still. Still waiting for that pickup.
And I have not doubted for a second that it's coming.
She'll be by one of these days.
Yeah, probably really soon.
You still think that?
Yeah.
Yeah, a lot of stepmommies. Yeah, that's...
Yeah, I guess so.
What's that case?
No, nevermind.
Grand-Bram mom and Pastor Joe are going to have some fun?
I bet we'll hear all about it.
I guess so.
Was there a request for a particular game?
Is the real question.
Baseball star on NES, you have to make a team
and try to win a game?
Oh, man.
I didn't even set up a remote control still.
Um...
Wait, what was the site we were using yesterday?
To legally get all of these games that we have legally?
I immediately forgot.
Uh, haha.
Um...
I gotta...
I gotta bookmark this next time.
VIMS!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got my back.
Thank you, Subrichi.
Uh-huh.
It's easy to find them.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, wait, no, that's where we got the...
That's where we got the actual...
Wait, is it?
How am I so confused?
Is, uh, triple...
triplet Sara still around?
I don't know what that is, card king.
Oh, is that a Brahms?
Is that another Brahms site?
Retro arc, okay.
Wait, that's the front end.
Yeah, I'm just wondering where we picked up the actual, um,
the little Nikki rom that we got yesterday.
Maybe we can search Little Nikki and it'll be in my history.
What? It's not.
The Wikipedia page for the Little Nikki video game is still in my search history, though.
This is what you guys missed out on yesterday from our new collab
with the streamer Crypto Zeus.
He's huge.
I'm shocked that he agreed to do my tiny little stream.
Oh, that's the site.
Okay.
I see, I see, I see.
This is the f...
This is my favorite part of this new segment.
Um...
Oh, so this is the site.
Why am I so bad at parsing what I'm supposed to do on this website?
Like searching wise.
Menu.
Menu?
Games?
What?
Oh, it's, okay, you hit download and it takes you to a whole fucking list.
Wait, there's an NES game just called Baseball?
Super Baseball?
Or just Baseball?
Kale Ripken Jr. Baseball?
Niketsu Baseball?
ESPN Baseball?
Guys, look how many baseball options there are.
Not that I'm downloading a ROM.
I'm gonna go buy the real game right now.
Uh, Frank Thomas BigHurt Baseball?
Human Baseball.
I said to the Discord.
But you don't want to learn what all 41 of these baseball instances that appeared in the search results are?
19 minutes ago you were picking your nose.
Well, right now you're learning all about every baseball game available.
Ken Griffey Jr. Baseball.
Um...
Okay.
You know, I don't know.
There's too many sections for me to know where the ROM you want me to do is set, unfortunately.
You have to say, I set it specifically here in the Discord,
or I have no idea what you're talking about.
Um...
It's a given my general reading ability when it comes to chat.
I'm real bad at it.
You've played every NES baseball game?
Oh my god.
Oh, you sent it directly to me.
What the frick?
What the frick?
When it show up, I'm livin' sleazy.
What the f-
Little Nicky's-
You sent me Little Nicky directly.
I have no DMs regarding baseball.
Live and sleazy.
But though I appreciate you sending me Little Nicky,
posted it amongst the web.
What?
Why there?
Guys, my system is not confusing.
Don't even think it is for a second.
There aren't too many segments and everything else.
Um...
Aha.
Baseball Stars USA is the game that apparently,
possibly, was requested.
Put it in how to makes sense.
I guess like we-
There is also I think a gaming thread,
but it's technically for like Fiona in case.
Which might not happen anytime soon.
A Fiona case gaming stream.
I wouldn't count on that in the immediate future, unfortunately.
Okay.
We're getting there.
We're getting there, I swear.
Um...
Oh my...
Oh god.
I really have two-
I have so many segments.
I have segments that I've never even finished making on here.
And my list of segments on the back end is truly,
extremely long.
Okay.
NES.
Eventually though, I'm gonna get so good at downloading exactly what you want.
Cause, it'll be seamless.
Here, wait, let's play a song while this is-
While this happens.
Probably what we need actually is a song?
It's a .UNH type file?
OG Pepito.
Yeah, this is classic Pepito stuff.
Okay, wait, I also just set this guy up.
I have to download.
I have to plug in my NES actually is what I meant to say.
Load the core.
NES?
Aha.
Okay.
Let's see if-
Let's wait and just see if this is working.
Alright.
Oh my God.
There's gotta be a way for me to
highlight this as like-
Yeah, I could have figured this out yesterday.
No items.
I think the ROM that I got doesn't work with this.
Okay, but the one that apparently
desires to be played is Baseball Stars.
So I'll use-
Um...
Is it called-
The Baseball Stars is not loaded on this.
You set it to the Discord again.
Okay.
Baseball Stars.
USA.
I think this is the same one.
I know why it's not showing up.
This certainly looks like the exact same one.
Oh, no, this is a .NES file.
Okay, there we go.
Looks like this works.
The other thing I have to figure out
before we launch into this segment ever again
is how to turn this shit down
because that is way too loud.
It's been so loud yesterday.
At least on my end, it's really quite loud.
It is something to behold.
Oh, shit, guys.
Oh, my God.
One of these days, I'm going to figure out
what went wrong with these ear monitors.
Mostly what I want is stuff to not
super-duper work on the stream.
And I think I'm pulling that off.
It was kind of loud, yeah.
I mean, also, the little nicky soundtrack
is just intense.
It's an intense soundtrack.
Yeah, it's a little scary because
these things get stuck in real deep
when they pop out.
It's like it fires it into my ear.
Settings, audio, output,
turn down?
Oh, my God.
Okay.
Yeah, I might have to splunk.
We're going to have to go one ear today.
We're going one ear in.
That's fine.
I'm a pro.
I won't get distracted.
There's no just like turn down button.
Mixer volume.
Okay, mixer volume.
Such a confusing way to put it.
Volume gain.
Negative 10.
Let's just say that.
Wait, audio volume in.
Okay, I'm just going to throw both of these
at negative 10.
Ah, favorites.
No favorites available.
I guess I got to look into how this
works a little bit better.
Because for instance, it'd be really nice
to just not have to go like
40 layers deep into my stack of folders
to find any of these ROMs.
Which I'm sure you can do.
I'm sure that is 1 million percent doable.
But you'll be surprised to learn that I spent
all of my time just making assets instead of
making the stream functional, as I love to do.
Okay, how loud is this now?
Tell me how loud you are, game.
It's a little better.
I don't know how it is on your guys' end.
But I also had to turn my system-like
audio way down.
Perfect. Okay.
Alright, I see how this works.
We're in the know.
It was good then just went up.
Oh, I gotta turn it down more than actually.
Because yesterday I just swung my system volume
all the way down because little Nicky was
really quite loud.
I'm going to put it at negative 20.
It might be too much.
But I'd rather hear not enough of the game
than too much of the game, honestly.
Audio, volume gain.
We're going all the way to negative 20.
Just in case.
Okay. Do I need to save this?
This is an intense rom system
that I should look more into.
What am I playing it?
Thank you for the first time.
Chat, endmills, and we will be playing
Baseball Stars USA on the NES.
Is what we will get into.
But don't let the fact that I've hired
a gamer to do my gaming for me,
a totally different guy,
which we'll be cutting to later.
This is actually a news channel
where you can share the news at the cream.team
in one of the many bin sections
at that Discord.
So if you've got a story you want me to cover,
throw it in there.
Because it is in fact news time.
It's still your excitement.
Don't let them take it from you.
Me, I'm scrubbing.
I'm scrubbing.
Oh goody.
It's Friday, everyone.
I'm scrubbing.
So I guess let's bring a funny whimsy
with some news coverage.
Sorry, everybody, it's scrum.
Apology not accepted.
No one wants to see me less than me
on this scrum.
Don't get it twisted.
I love myself.
I'm a five tool player.
And I don't doubt myself for a second,
but I hate you and everyone.
Oh, it's broad.
It's pretty broad.
Yes.
Oh shit, there's also a debate today?
Scrum should play baseball stars?
I bet he would have a good time.
How many stats are there?
What do you mean?
How many stats are we working with in this baseball game?
Probably as many stats as you can think of
if you're tracking them yourself.
So there's no internal stats?
Melody of my torches is all of them.
Can you play baseball stars?
Me?
I'm sure I could.
There's very few things I can't do
if I set my mind to it.
Well, actually, Crypto Zeus will be playing baseball stars.
Who the fuck is that?
Relax.
He's the premier gamer and or political commentator
of his era, actually.
I might not agree with his politics,
but you can't deny that he's in a smelly room.
And that's good.
That helps, I think.
Cut off your music.
Stay, attack, collect $200.
I don't know anything about this baseball stars game,
so I'm going to assume that's advice
for the baseball stars game,
and I will be taking it.
That's what I'm going to advise the streamer who's not me does.
Great.
Let's get into the chat news, everybody.
Scrum?
The news?
No.
Yes, you're here.
Against my better instincts.
News has occurred.
You just laughed.
No, I coughed.
News has occurred.
Against my better judgment.
You can stop the news from happening if I wanted to,
which I do, but I forgot to.
Protest organizers say 100 clergy
have been arrested in Minnesota.
They ignored commands to clear the road
from local police officers,
say local police officers,
who arrested and zip-tied dozens of protesters
who did not resist before putting them onto buses.
Reuters observed dozens of arrests,
and organizers said about 100 clergy members were arrested.
They're coming for the clergy now?
They never stopped.
Is there more AI images of the clergy?
Wait, you mean this one?
Is this AI?
I thought all these people looked fake as fuck.
No, I'm pretty sure that's a real image.
Baseball stars 2 content will be coming.
I guess we could do it right after this segment.
Starting with gaming.
We get news and gaming.
It's the new content type that I'm engaging in.
Two awful things that taste like
Akron
piss together.
Scrum, relax.
It's just a little bit of news from chat
and then an NES game
about another game that I...
I don't know anything about either game.
What?
I don't know anything about the NES game
or actual baseball, so...
Good thing I don't have to play it.
I'm sure I would be embarrassingly bad.
Apparently, after the whoever's playing though has to win.
Whatever.
Let me get through this heaping mass of words
that you've hoisted upon me.
Please play baseball.
We'll start. We'll be playing NES baseball.
Right after we get through all of this chat news, everyone.
Anyway, respect to the protesters in Minnesota.
They...
They're keeping it up at an intense clip
despite the continuing onslaught
of various fascist forces in my opinion.
And guys, you haven't seen her in a while.
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
That Kendall fucking Lin.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl with candle
got a vibe so wild that she's raised male.
She completely er...
Kendall's voice was inside of me.
Okay, because that means she's already gone.
She said she did this.
Yeah?
Kendall was out of town. Then we were in Hawaii.
Then Kendall's been working.
Honestly, not enough.
No, too much is what I was gonna say.
Too much. So you haven't seen her appear on the street.
She hasn't been home!
A two-second cameo. Kendall, can your hands do a cameo real quick?
New character just dropped everyone.
Friday is slow. Saturday in America is for the big news.
Yeah, they've been sneaking all the news in on the weekends.
I should really do a Saturday stream.
That's why I've had to resort to the
classic Twitch tradition of gaming.
Like a real gamer.
Well, I haven't.
I refuse. I understand, Scrum.
Kendall, anything you want to do tonight?
What do you want to do?
Can I tell Chad that?
No? Okay.
Chad, what do you think of the...
What do you think about the new Silent Hill movie?
Is it worth seeing?
Oh, it's... Kendall doesn't want to go because it's scary.
It's too scary.
I hate films that try to get an emotion out of you.
Just take it easy.
Steve says no.
No... all caps.
Oh, man.
So that's a vote.
Lyvin Sleazy says no.
Ray Silva says no. We're getting some strong no's.
Oh, man.
I... oh, it sucks, apparently.
We almost watched it tonight.
There's a chance we still might.
We still might? Well, I'm always done for a movie that sucks
because unfortunately I'm a hater by nature.
You haven't seen the movie?
I saw the older one
where they rip that lady's...
All I remember is at one point they rip a lady's skin off
like a big floppy coat
in one of the least realistic skinnings of all time.
And then...
And then Pyramid heads like...
at the screen.
That stuck with me at least.
I don't remember much else about the movie.
I don't think it was very good.
Stream it? And it'll have something to say.
We could play Peak tonight if you want.
I don't know if you could play Peak.
But I need someone to play Peak.
Wait, you don't know if I could play Peak?
Yeah, I don't know if Kayce could play Peak.
But I need someone who could get me through
each bio-dome.
Okay.
So you need someone good.
Someone who really understands the forest.
Someone who's an expert
who really understands the forest.
Do you have to know what he was?
An expert who really understands the forest.
Yeah, I...
I can do that again.
There's a guy named Crypto Zeus, actually.
He's great.
He's one of the proist gamers around.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I...
He told me he speaks like an Australian accent.
Is that right?
Oh, an Australian...
guy.
Yes, I have that.
Yeah, sure. There's an Australian guy that can do that.
I'm not...
You know, we used to actually do this stream on X.
I used to use multi-stream to just have this stream
also be streaming on... well, Twitter.
As I like to say, Twitter.
It was on everything. But then they made it so that you have to pay Elon Musk
to stream on Twitter, and I just couldn't bring myself to do it.
Um...
But that was the most I was ever using Twitter, probably,
is when this thing was just auto-posting on the Twitter.
On Twitter, it used to tell me that it got, like...
It'd be like, congratulations, your stream got, like,
40,000 views on Twitter.
Which it...
I think it was getting actually zero views.
So that, I think, goes to show you the power
of those Twitter numbers.
Been also on Gab and Rumble.
Oh, we got... I gotta get on Rumble.
There was a time where I was like,
I guess I may as well stream this on Kick.
And then I thought about it, and I was like,
I don't really ever want to engage with Kick.
So then I don't...
One of these days that we might return to Instagram
or for the first time, TikTok,
I think I could finally set this stream up to stream on TikTok.
And why not?
In case you want to watch me on your phone.
Oh, I like the breathe.
Stream to Grindr? Is that stealing Valor from...
from the men on Grindr, though,
that are doing the Lord's work and just trying to have sex?
Well, I think if you're willing, then no.
I don't want to have sex, though, using Grindr.
Then yeah.
Yeah, I think it's false advertising.
I'm not gay. I mean, not yet, at least.
I'm working on it.
Um...
There's lots of straight guys on Grindr.
I mean, I also can buy all sorts of things on Grindr.
Apparently that aren't.
Well, you're not buying men on Grindr.
Well, as far as I know.
See, this isn't the problem. I haven't engaged with the platform enough.
Enough.
Chatterbait, though?
Chatterbait's fair game. I could stream on...
Well, I wonder if they'd get mad at me for not doing sex stuff on Chatterbait.
The Chatterbait audience.
I've got to be somebody's specific type,
and they'll be like, this sucks.
Where's the dong?
Uh, behind shutdown full cast?
You can be the number two streamer on LinkedIn.
That is the funniest place to stream is LinkedIn Kendall's leaving.
I brought up LinkedIn and her eyes glazed over,
and she just slowly walked away.
Pornhub has gaming streams.
Well, the problem is I can't do anything, you know, that raunchy
because I'll also be on Twitch.
I feel like the appeal of streaming on Pornhub
is it's uncensored.
I can have all of my full penis characters on.
New anchor, anchored dong biggins? Yeah, exactly.
I could just have a giant talking penis if I was on Pornhub.
But here, all I can have is like a giant talking carrot.
Are we covering the news?
Yeah, that's what we're currently doing, actually.
Don't get it twisted by the fact I have not talked about it at all for 20 minutes.
Loopchef would be all lubed up on Pornhub.
Yeah, Loopchef would be Pornhub appropriate-ish.
He's a little tame for actual porn, probably.
But if I was willing to commit, I guess, we could make it more intense.
But I don't really want to do that to anyone's eyeballs if I can help it.
Speaking of porn...
That's a transition.
Way to go.
Dave and Chuck, there's a penis exercise that can reportedly give men better orgasms.
We do have a request, actually, for how to, so we'll save it for that.
But that's just a little preview, guys.
And gals.
That's the sort of thing you can look forward to in not but 30 to 40 minutes.
Also, I think today we won't do a song, because I have so many segments to get to.
Maybe we'll do that on Monday instead.
I'm a little behind. The backlog is a little full.
I don't care, case.
Horses leap through flames and pets go to church in Spanish animal rituals, honoring St. Anthony.
Finally, someone's honoring St. Anthony.
What do you know about St. Anthony?
He's got a good name.
Do you like the name Anthony?
It's a reasonable name.
It adds some syllables to the more unreasonable name of Anth.
Who do you know named Anth?
My brother's name is Anth.
I prefer the name Anthony. I think my brother has a stupid name.
San Bartolomu de Penares.
I had a cough against hundreds of Spaniards watch horses gallop through towering flames.
There's got to be a video.
There's a picture. Look at this.
What the- that can't be good for the horse.
Is this- am I showing animal abuse by accident?
Or are these stunt horses that love the art of stunt?
Oh, a corgi getting a metal popsicle.
You don't need to read the story actually.
You just need to scroll through it and guess what the pictures mean.
Holy hell!
Okay, I wish they had a video.
Oh, they do.
This is more of the dog part of the video.
I think I was sleeping on Patreon again this week.
Sleeping on Patreon?
That's fair. We're actually there to help you sleep on Patreon.
You can get your cats and dogs blessed with a metal popsicle.
Hello, hello.
That dog is chill about it at least.
Where's the horses jumping through flames?
That's crazy that they have horses jumping through flames,
but the AP went with this dog video.
I guess I get it. I kind of like watching dog stuff.
Live in Sleazy has our back though with the firehorses.
The Fire Nation has arrived.
I'll be the judge of that.
Let's tell you about the show me your best flames horses
Hundreds who've gathered to watch horses gallop through flames as part of an ancient tradition in Spain horse riders
Guiding their steeds through bonfires. This is all part of the less luminariate celebrations
It's a centuries old tradition which commemorates the patron saint of domestic animals
A little bit of horses animal rights groups have criticized the tradition but locals say the horses are rarely if ever
injured rarely
Okay, rarely and if ever are two pretty different classifications. I have to say but who am I to negate?
thousands of years of Spanish tradition
Let's move on to the future though. That's the past made present. Here's the future made into this picture
Isn't that sexy
Man planning to raise adopted children with a I girlfriend as their mother is this the young couple
Probably not that's probably AI as well
If I had to guess a young man hopelessly in love with an AI chatbot has grand plans for the future that includes starting a family by
adopting some children. Oh
actual kids though adopting actual kids into that kind of situation
There's like, you know what ask your mother and they have to just run over to chat GPT that doesn't sound
That doesn't sound ideal the future is wonderful case
He's an early adopter moving on
Trump claims China doesn't use wind power, but the world's largest wind farm is there
Speaking of the world economic at the world economic form in Davos yesterday
The potus made several dubious claims about Greenland NATO and renewable energy Trump has consistently criticized the green energy drive
But here's what he said addressing the WEF on the events third day Trump claimed that China makes almost all of the world's wind turbines
Which he continues to refer to as windmills, which I think is fair
Why do we add all these extra words when there's the same old thing?
They're different. They're different windmills are different than wind turbines to you maybe to me
I just see a bunch of spinning bullshit
And I haven't been able to find any wind farms in China
He said during a speech that lasted over an hour. Did you ever think of that? It's a good way of looking China is very smart
They make wind turbines in parentheses. Probably what he said was windmills
Trump went on to argue that China sells wind turbines to other countries for a fortune
They sell them to the stupid people that buy them, but don't use them themselves
China responded saying China's efforts to take climate change and promote the development and application of renewable energy in the world
are obvious to all and
Apparently they actually they do have the world's largest wind farm
Where are the wind turbines being held? That's a really good question because now I've got conflicting reports from the president that they don't use wind turbines and
That apparently I'm just supposed to believe China when they say hey
We actually have a bunch that we use the largest actually on the planet. I was just supposed to believe them
Yeah, just because they have them we're supposed to believe that they use them
Just because they can readily provide photographic evidence that they do actually currently have them and are using them
We're supposed to believe them
Well, it's really up to chat to decide where they are it could be in crumbs ass
It could be in my butt I believe that it could be in Trump's ass
It could be in your ass
And that's you
You've got it in there. You might have it in there could also be in hell
crumbs ass
Oh wait, that's a different guy. You thought it was you for a second. I was reading
I was the I thought the s was silent in front of my own name for a second. Yeah, I don't give a shit if it's in crumbs ass
I wouldn't be surprised
Given that he's very bottom focused
What do you mean by that? I'm not into like a sexual way. He just really talks about the various issues
He has with his rear a lot. That's true. I can't deny that
Minnesota general strike everybody
The video is not playing but
We've got the general breakdown
thousands brave brother called to demand ice leave Minneapolis
Demonstrators braved bitter cold to march through the streets of Minneapolis on Friday and demanded and to president's Donald Trump's immigration
Crackdown part of the wider ice out show of defiance that organizers build as a general strike on a day that started with temperatures as low as a minus 20 Fahrenheit or
minus 29 if you don't believe in temperature
No, just Celsius. I don't respect Celsius
I don't respect any zero to ten numerical system any any system based on multiples of ten. It's too confusing
Now that's less confusing scrum to you
Maybe some of our brains are actually formed more so around the number 12 the number 12
and or
30 or numbers the numbers that are divide evenly into 30
like six
Six times two is too much. Shut up. I don't need to know your brain works because you're not as smart as me
Is it 12? I thought it was 15 it 12 to 15 my brain works around number the numbers 12 to 15
That doesn't make a ton of sense to you
To people that have the base instinct to what just because we have 10 fingers
We're supposed to limit our imagination to the number 10 kind of yeah
I'm moving on the story's upset me wait the people protesting no
The breakdown between Fahrenheit and Celsius every time it just gets my guff and I can't think about anything else
Wow, sorry. Sorry. I didn't know it was such a sour subject
It's the worst thing happening in the world right now is that there's two measurement systems for temperature
That's the worst thing. It's been the worst thing for centuries
YouTube acknowledges slop problem, but is still full steam ahead on ai features
YouTube is building a fast way for creators to make ai versions of themselves to feature in shorts as it
Simultaneously pledges to clean up the slop chlorophyting
Proliferating on the platform
The girl says they experienced uh negative 55 Fahrenheit in Alaska. Geez
I'm not sure what the coldest temperature I've experienced is I don't think it's that low
I'm guessing it's definitely not that low
I think but maybe like skiing I guess high up on a mountain in cali Colorado. Maybe it'd be the coldest I've experienced
Maybe one of these days I'll go to that russian city where if you go outside for like the couple minutes
You just die. Isn't that most russian cities?
God, um
Wow, you're proud of yourself. I'm very proud of myself negative nine in Chicago this week
What kind of maniac would live there? Um
Okay, let's do a couple more. We got a lot to get to today. We got to play some baseball actually
The main event of the day, which we're going to get to right away
Google traces. I'm in Philly. We are taking with a grain of salt and gin
temperatures maybe
Uh citric says I'm okay with making personal AI slot, but I don't want people posting it for others to get flooded with
Yeah, I mean
I guess it's already pretty easy to make an AI avatar of yourself, but the fact it's
Not like a smooth integration directly from youtube
Probably limits it somewhat you have to be willing to kind of engage the ecosystem
So if there's just like a button on youtube that's like
AI yourself
That probably will expedite the creation of just total slop content
But I'd say the bigger issue is people that figure out workflows where they can just endlessly generate without really even having to touch it
Slop videos. I don't even know if that workflow entirely exists yet
But it's getting closer and closer to where
like when it when it'll get really hard probably to
To control is when you know and there's probably already some channels doing this but when essentially there's just zero touch
endless generation
Happening from a bunch of people who have figured out how to do that in some way where it gets any engagement
Maybe that's entirely already happening actually, but
Um, I imagine the more of that that happens the more youtube servers will get flooded with that slop and people's feeds
Will get flooded with that slop
Lots of right now it feels like most of the AI I see requires
Just a little bit of human touch
Like someone at some point is either editing the video together or at least prompting or like adjusting it
For most of the stuff that makes it into like my feed
Um, and maybe that's just the general quality control of like
True AI slop still almost no one wants to watch but
The tools get good enough to where you can just
Keep the wheel spinning without ever having to touch the wheel
Um, I that I just don't know what you would I don't know how they'll combat that like endless flood
Something is always a little off and illogical
Yeah, I mean I'd say the main thing holding AI back still is that it sucks
It sucks
The only time you don't mind it is when you don't notice it's being used
But as soon as you can tell it's being used it's so bad
That it makes everyone angry
understandably
Probably AI is being integrated
By some people in a way that's less obvious and so they don't mind it. Um
But it's I don't know if it the the thing that the only thing that really worries me for the future
Is the point is if the AI actually ever gets good enough that it doesn't suck which to me feels so far off right now
By that I mean like fully AI generated things. They're ever actually entertaining somehow in and of themselves
Well, then it's a new it's a new can of worms, but right now it sucks
So we'll see how long it takes to not totally suck AI will kill us but by depleting our resources not killer robots
Oh, yeah, I'm not even worried about the whatever singularity stuff
the marketing experts
Uh for the various AI companies are pushing that one, but I don't think we need to worry about that
Building on torches says I used AI to generate a couple songs for that. No me pro rad Meyer dating semi made
I've debated finding people doing covers of the songs so it isn't AI
Yeah, again, I like I
I'm actually probably less
Fully hating on AI than some of my compatriots. Um, like, you know, I I've used it for backgrounds on the stream obviously
Um
Or possibly certain bears with AKs
That might pop up behind me occasionally
So I don't really I don't hate the technology necessarily in and of itself
It's just that it's being wheeled out in front of us before it's really that good
And being slotted into everything. That's what bothers me about it
Um, and then also just the slop. There you go. And just the the
Potential for what this story is talking about that like it could be
Just an endlessly rolling. Uh, it's like an issue that um,
a lot of
Like, uh magazines that are supposed to post people's fiction
Like for the few magazines that still exist that'll say post like brisket and your sci-fi stories
We'll review them and if they're good, we'll post them in our magazine or on our website or whatever
Um, I remember reading this was like a year ago now that that type of
Not even business model, but just content model
Is like already dying because they were just receiving an impossible amount of AI submissions
Um, and I think you know there you can see it kind of making not sense
But you can see how people could get away with it more because at least AI can endlessly churn out a bunch of
fairly low quality writing but so can people
um
The video stuff still seems slightly difficult enough to wheeled that
I don't know how much of it is just directly prompt going straight to youtube currently
Maybe tons of it. I don't know. Anyway, I'm just saying once once youtube is hitting the same wall that these places are
We'll see
Dilemma 01
They've subscribed for 39 months
Cycress says they just need AI to read the stories and write the reviews. It's perfect
Honestly, that's probably what that I could see that maybe they had used AI to detect the AI
Google trash. I don't know why this one didn't trigger, but thank you so much for the tier one sub
Anyway, um, if you write your sci-fi stories, I don't know where to submit them anymore is my point
Oh, that is a problem for me. You write sci-fi. I write a story about a man who lives in a world that sucks
Oh wait
I guess that's just my journal
Scrum what you just said sucks so hard exactly
Art
They saw them on their dishes when eating the mushroom making people hallucinate dozens of tiny humans
Hey, can you read that one more time?
In the actual cadence. I think they intended
They saw them on their dishes when eating the mushroom making people hallucinate dozens of tiny humans
Ah, there you go. You nailed it. Thank you
Mmm only recently described by ssss don't do us
Please don't do us
Scrum don't do us
I am
He couldn't resist
The tag team from my boy scrum. He doesn't get along with case but actually we're boys. It turns out we're boys
Welcome to the realm of pure Skye
The opposite of imagination actually this is where we deal with you with cold hard facts
Incense it's a fact that there's various mushrooms making people see crazy shit
Sorry
Yeah, they did say the Skye and slang
You're naming all your future children chat. That's a good idea
Do that, um
I just like point you don't have to do that. No one asked
you
Oh, they didn't no one I remember you're so close up today. I don't know
What happened over here?
What's going on over here? I don't know. Well, whatever. It's fine
Uh, anyway, apparently some uh mushrooms are making people see little people like in that hbo show about this about the same thing
Every year doctors at a hospital in unidon province of china brace themselves for an influx of people with an unusual complaint
They have strikingly odd symptoms visions of pint size elf-like figures marching under doors crawling up walls and cleaning to furniture
The hospital treats hundreds of these cases every year all share one common culprit
lawn
lawn
llamas
llamas
ascetic ascetic llamas
Which is a type of of mushroom
I've also heard called lawnmow asiatica. I think you also said it wrong
Well, you know, I'm currently in my english mode
Which is less effective
We should really stress speaking that ai language that you guys do the hospital treat hundreds of these cases. Um
At the mushroom at a mushroom hot pot restaurant the server set a timer for 15 minutes and warned us
Don't eat until the timer goes off or you might see little people
says calling
Dom now or a doctoral candidate in biology at the university of utah
natural human history and the natural history museum of utah who's studying l
Asiatica
It seems like very common knowledge in the culture there
Well commonly if I went to that type of place, I'll be straight up with you. I would just
I don't want to see the little people that'd be why I was there
I'm guessing that's somewhat common. I'd like to see what kind of little people I can see crawling all over the walls
I'm slurring
Is asiatica a slur
Am I did I get tricked into saying a slur again?
Um, my records don't indicate that that is but I can add it to my records of slurs
Please do
Please do that just to be safe
There are many accounts about the existence of this psychedelic mushroom and many people who looked for it
But they never found the species says a guliana first furky
uh
Mycologist and the founder and executive director of the fun guy foundation
I wonder if there's any pictures of these little guys anybody draw any like artistic renderings of the types of little guys they're seeing
Here's a normal sized guy looking at the mushrooms that you shouldn't eat. Um
This is actually I believe
Uh that guy from the from the game theory channel
That's a theory a mushroom theory
Okay, there's more of those mushrooms
And that's it
That's what's happening. Be careful when you eat a mushrooms. All of them will make you hallucinate
Oh, which of all of them every mushroom on the planet is dangerous and will make you hallucinate
Which I'm willing to accept um
well
Sky facts
My side bullfrog is battle the new zocalypse for 39 months. Thank you so much. My side bullfrog and giggle trash case
We missed it. Thank you again for the one community sub
The new video was a game segment for wednesday. Oh the new video game segment for wednesday was really cool
Well, that'll be coming up immediately after I shut my ass up
Um
Not my literal ass. I'm not talking out of my out of my anus right now. That was more of a turn of phrase
Thank you so much for clarifying that's important. I don't want chat to think that i'm spreading my asshole open ace
Ventura style. I just mean once i'm done talking
I rest this up. We'll do one more skydive story though before we move on
I restored my foreskin in my 60s now I teach other men how they can do it too
So look, I know a lot of you in chat
You've been sending me non-stop messages chat. How do I get a long snuffle up against style foreskin like you?
Well, don't let all these this is not pictures of foreskin. This is pictures of our president actually
And the story seems to be getting
Paywalled and maybe there's no way through it for us
So just know um the way he's doing it. I'm assuming
Is by tying his penis to a kayak
Uh a kayak in front of him. You stand at the end of one kayak
And then you you you strap your penis to a kayak in front of you and you have a powerful team of rowers
And you have to try to keep up with the the team of rowers at a roughly similar pace
But not too fast and over the course of a day that'll just stretch your foreskin out
What it's a it's the kayak method of foreskin
um retrieval
No, no not the kayak uh traveled steel website like uh like the Yale kayaking team
You're gonna want to you rip your penis up. Well, that's the fear
That's that's why you have to keep up. So this is a great way to both get cardio in and to extend your foreskin
Is again you're in one kayak you drape your really long penis
Um over some of the kayak tie a rope to the other kayak and then you tie that rope to where your foreskin should be
Using whatever hooking device you can think of and then you say go boys and then you try to keep up with that kayak team
It worked for me now. I have
Probably a
Three to five inch foreskin that just stretches well past my already well endowed manhood
Wow
Yeah, it's crazy looking it's great. It looks like when a sock is sliding off your foot
It looks exactly like that actually if the sock was open at the end
It looks great
Cool, I'm glad you spent so long explaining that
Me too. I think I'm hoping I'm helping people. Yeah
Shit, I we're best pals. I'm not functionally alive. We're good friends
Okay, look it's gamer time apparently we've covered all the skynes of the day
And now it's time to get into the sky the squeets the squeets skynes of boss ball
With this new fucking guy that claims to be good at games
Actually, I could probably be your sports guy case. So I don't know why you made a new segment
But we'll send it to it. Anyway, it's time for crypto Zeus gaming
Okay, we're basically good to go. Yeah, let's get into this. I don't have a lot of time today
Actually, I also have to do my own stream. I agreed to be on this guy stream
Okay, I know my mom calls me Brandon, but if you guys could call me CZ
Can we not start this way today everybody? I've actually been I've had a fucking day. Okay
I woke up in the rats that live under my bed were fighting
And they would not calm the fuck down. It kept me up for hours in the morning
It kept me up till probably 3 p.m. Which is usually when I'm falling asleep
Did I look like that before? What do you mean before?
Mom
Can you know I can hear you so if you could keep it down, please
Yesterday you were really way too active. Okay, so I'd love you could keep it down
The head scares you. What are you scared of a powerful mind?
Yeah, I bet you are
Sometimes you need a lecture real estate when you got the big brain everybody
Don't forget to prep the kayak for your foreskin stretching tomorrow
Mom, you know that mine already is too long. It gets caught
In my honestly gets caught in my zipper even my zipper is closed
It's really fucking annoying propaganda
You're in time out again time out is not a thing
You did mom a self report
Is that I'm actually your baby boy
So I guess what happened
Was to your was kind of to your face
I got her I got her dumbass
Brandon, honey, how's the gaming fest going? It's gonna go good
Yes
Yeah, big time actually
Honestly first two hours of the day
I was in there for a really long time
Okay
Let's
Oh good. She's just knocking. What the hell happened to your
Have you been hanging out with jeena darling? She has a knife be careful
What
But I don't know why that oh, um
Someone has asked for one of my winning takes
Keterzima your special forehead cream arrived from the amazon lady
Okay, good. Bring it up then mom. You don't need to tell me just bring it
Someone asked for one of my w takes. It's supposed to appear on screen, but I don't know why it didn't
um
Best flavor of tough daddy. Oh, I think it's gotta be um
Your grace will be here tomorrow. Did you clean up your room?
Yes, put away your girly magazines while she is here. No, you don't want to give her a heart attack
Mom, I sleep on those. Those are my pillows. I sleep on the magazines because they've gotten soft from being so wet
Those are my pillows
Hey, brand brand pastor says you have to get out and get a real job. Well tell pastor
You're
Tell him um, anyway the best flavor of tough daddy is uh grass metal metal grass shavings
It's good. It tastes a little it's got sort of the mom
You want me to take you to the doctor to get your foreskin removed if it is bothering you that much
Let me know love you. I don't believe in medical doctors
Who said that they'd get how foreskin works better than me?
I never I like yeah like
What what did they go to foreskin college? I told you you can't have any more slarm charm or energy drink
It's slam slum meal for one. I order slam slum actually mom. It's better for you. It's diet slam charm basically
Okay, I gotta play baseball
I'm getting distracted by like a bunch of fucking bullshit like I'm always getting oh my god
The news media says your vaccine opinions are bringing back the measles and polio
Yeah, I want those to come back
We were stronger back in the day when we had an immune system that could tolerate the measles and polio
It it look there's got to be certain mechanisms to decide the strong in the weak
I have measles and polio and I'm fine. Look at me. I feel good
Yeah
Sorry now
I've got a frack in my throat on unknown target. I authenticate tango whiskey at time zero 300 zulu
Mom all aircraft. This will be a danger close fire mission
Weapons, I just got a call from falcon op. Who's closer to kill box one alpha stop call mom
Mom stop calling in the united states air force on me
Mom stop swatting me with the air force
Why do you slim gyms have hair and mold all over them?
Because they're I'm aging them like wine. You are a little b who rage quits dark souls
That game fucking sucks
Sorry that the other sheep will just play whatever game
Fucking Jeff Jeff nealy could y'all kneel to him. I guess whatever he says is good
Whatever wins the big award you all play. I actually I like to play
Real games like base like not actual baseball like baseball the game
Okay, fuck. I'm getting so distracted. I can't even blow my game
Mom you're not a cat mom. You are not a cat mom. You're not a cat mom. You're not a cat. Oh great great
Great
Fuck you mom. You're not a cat
If you take my lube chef branded lube again
Yes, you used up the last gallon pretty quick and I need it for the weekend
I'm attending three orgy
Well, mom we're on a delivery system a new gallon comes every other day
Just wait till just wait till set tomorrow comedian named the hate sock
He seems pretty cool, but he really sounds like this news anchor named sammy seven elbows that went missing a few months back
I don't know about this mom. Mom. I don't know about this. I don't care mom
Try okay, it's time to play baseball
You have to get his foreskin cut off every five years. It just keeps growing back
You shouldn't be ashamed of your body son
Okay, mom take a nap mom take it out
Mom is gonna take a nap
With your little friend she'll be back, but she takes yeah, I like I told you she has taken a nap roughly every 20 minutes
Okay, she'll be back later
Somebody asks thoughts on the marvel rivals tournament story
um
I think it's I know all about it because I game like all of you and I think it's good
I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid to say that
Look, I'm not gonna hold back on my opinions
Okay, it's because something's popular, but yeah in this case. I think it's good and I like it
okay
As you know, I really was very good at this game on patch 4.87 43
But since they patched they dropped a patch recently
And this game and they fucking broke everything honestly the game's fucking ruined
And I wouldn't even be playing it if this wasn't a sponsored stream
This is the stream is actually sponsored by Lockheed markin Lockheed markin
It's not the one you think of they sell markens, but at but at military strength
For all your military strength markens go to Lockheed markin
I'm supposed to have an overly, but I forgot
uh
Jew boot
But it's j.o.o for the record. I don't want to get in trouble again
Thank you for the follow
Make a team
Um, as you know, I always play
Make a team
Okay
or
How do I
Shit. All right request uh your take on women in games
actually
Look, I know people have gotten upset in the past for some of the things I've said
um
About the waste ratio of women in games because I like
I actually like an hourglass figure like this
But starting from the rib cage is where I like it to widen out
I like a woman who looks like she's eating a big frisbee
And apparently that's illegal not to have that opinion that you want a woman who looks like
Say like um like
Like ren from ren and stimpy ate a frisbee and that it's if the stending is body in the stomach area
And nobody will make games like that anymore
And suddenly I'm the bad guy just because I like classic games
Where women have the shape of a cartoon character that's eating a huge frisbee
So I'm sorry. I'm not gonna not tell you my opinion
Also, I think women's fingers are too long and it gives them an unfair advantage as game players
And that's why I don't think you should have men and women playing in the same leagues
Because women have longer thinner fingers and it makes them way better at
certain aspects of gaming
For instance
Women are better at menuing. I can't figure out how to
Um, I can't quite get into the
Like nothing is nothing is working on this menu
Which
Like I said they ruin this game with the last patch
And it's size that they did that
I need a controller actually real pros play on most I'm actually like pc gamers are
Are like a bit more gamer that they play on computer. We want a cz w take
Uh, that's a common cz win for the record. Did pastor joe break your mom a question from bonsai bullfrog?
I wish he would break her
Fucking mouth
Talking not like hitter. I don't mean that I think I wish he would talk less
Um
Guys I can't overemphasize like I don't know what to do here
Like I think there's this is an NES game. There's I think it's what the fuck
You're supposed to be two buttons
You got your wish. She isn't an option right now. She's taking a nap. So everybody quiet the fuck down. She will wake right up
Anybody have any advice?
On how to enter the game
I would love to do it. Fuck but
Um, okay just a sec
Just a sec. We're gonna figure this out focus my chi
Okay pauses p restart is h
Take a screenshot is f8. Oh, sorry. I did. Sorry. I kind of puked a little bit in my mouth. Just no
Fuck I closed the whole thing
Fuck me
Press f1 go to controls and rebind your shit. I I knew that I already knew to do that
I did already know that that's the thing I already knew
Um, we're back in let's try this again. There's no crying in baseball
Fuck
She's talking like
Two mouths. Okay f1 close options change options for the content
Input zapper mode
Sensor signals what system?
um
zapper for duck hunt
Well, what about just like buttons?
back again
controls
Okay, that makes sense
Change core specific input mappings. Okay, no problem. She wants her forehead back. Okay. Well, she can't have it. I'm using her right now
Okay
B and a
Wait, no, this is for the fucking
All right. I got I guess I have to plug in a fucking controller
Yes, I have to use an actual controller. This is bullshit
I'm better on I'm better on keyboard. This is bullshit
Landing strip or full wax
Mom
Just don't bother you're gonna get another infection if you try to clean up like that
I know it's a mess down there. I know the fur is matted and thick
But if you go in there, it's you're just gonna create more problems
We're gonna have to take you to the hospital again
And I can't go with you because I had that thing where I can't leave the house
You speaking in tongues again. This is bullshit
She's always speaking in fucking tongues. It's so annoying
Mom, you're not even that religious
You are not being infused with the power of god. He's not in your mouth
I made fun of me saying I sound like rosa and bar
I don't even know who that is mom
Can you go back to bed?
I have to play baseball
Okay
What
I'm trying to figure out how to play baseball
Okay, it's already working kind of let me help getting started input and controls
Game controllers
Retro arc is intended to be easily controlled with a controller
Retro arc uses the overall term controller which encompasses all input hardware
Mom, I already figured it out probably
Game pad joystick and others
Max controls by controller core or game
Retro arc allows users to configure a controller once for many cores
Instead of having to configure each core individually
Retro arc also provides the free
Okay, mom you're gonna need to take an app
Oh my god
Okay, I like consistent hitters
I think honestly
Progress is all about consistency enter your team name
No
No
Go back go no
Are I sure no
Fuck okay consistent hitters
Um
What what?
Oh my god
This is fucking bullshit everyone
No, I'm not sure. How do I change anything?
Just type over it with what? Oh, okay
Okay
Like I said they fucking ruined this game with the latest batch. What's sent is my room?
Um
Guys you already know
That legally my room was declared a dumping ground for the state
For um an overflow for animal roadkill vote now
Okay, I figured this out. I'm that good. I figured it out
Corpse ass
Shit and come jizz rock and stone and rose. I did get a rose candle, but it actually just kind of made my room
Um, I guess smell like someone had stuffed several corpses with roses
Which I didn't think was an improvement actually
Okay, we are the base gods for it. Just so you know
That's the name that I came up with and where are these guys
I like this guy. This is like a um
It's like a hawk, but it's so mad that it's heads turning red. Am I sure? Yeah
Yeah, I'm sure okay fucking a jesus christ. Oh fuck
Mom I'm trying to form a powerful baseball team. I have to hire players
Team one too many players. Okay view team
word um
Or the chickens
What the fuck it a one what is this what is any oh shit
Go take me right against the door mom loser won't mind. What? Yeah. Oh, yeah
Can you pray somewhere else mom? It's really loud out there
We're trying to learn baseball right now. You said I should play more sports
Like 15 years ago
Back way back before the dementia set in power up
31 000 I only have 16 000. What do any of these mean?
Are these like kanami codes but for each guy?
Moms are created equal, but you look at kathy and you can see that statement is not true
Kathy sucks one one with another mom. You got a 50 50 chance of winning
But I'm a genetic freak and I'm not normal. Just ask caster joe
Mom fucks kathy up on the regular
With kevin terera. I still love you. He will be your new father
What?
Mom kevin and I have beef. That's not gonna work make a league of two teams three games
Wait two teams are three games
Mom
the the bfsi
Is not one of the stats that I'm currently working with just I'm a
and
um
And the chickens
Yeah
How did I not? Oh my god, what am I looking at?
Yeah, yeah, we're good. Yep start the game
I'm playing right now
You
That wasn't baseball related it's because I had way too much high C
And that was your fault. You're the one who gave me all that high C fast pitch
Wait, am I playing both sides of this game? I don't know if my pitch sure hit there
Oh, I am I'm the red guys. Fuck get it. Where's the guy?
Uh-oh, where is it? Oh, is that bad? He made it almost all the way
Okay, I think I'm the red guys
Boom what how did he get that? Oh, fuck no, no, no, no, you can get his ass
Sports I just played sport. I think I just wanted sport
Get his ass. What? No, you got it
That's just it
Fuck you guys you suck at sports
No
No, you got some mom shut the fuck up. I'm playing a game. I'm playing the game for men mom you wouldn't get it
Yes, oh that's a ball
Can I hit him hit his ass straight down the middle strike?
No, oh god, he's really good. He's really good at this game
No
You obviously don't have the talent mom I don't do arts
I'm actually I play I play art
I think I slid it under the door. Mom brandy's not here. Mom brandy only comes on Wednesdays
Um, I'm actually the legal guardian of my mom. We swapped
Kid kid guardian roles
So she has to come from the state to make sure that I'm taking good care of my mom. Oh swing batter batter swing
You suck
No
No guys do baseball better. Fuck me in my whole ass
This game is so dumb
I like
Um, I like baseball
I'm like a um, I think I like water polo. I think that's the sport that I like. I like actually
What is he allowed to hit that high?
Slide forward or something you guys that was bolt you suck so bad
If I was in if I was on a baseball field, I would be better than these guys
It's a spin ball. What that wasn't that can't be you can't be allowed to hit there, right?
Like that's illegal to hit there did a guy just score off that
Try bunting. I'm I'm the one pitching
That's no, that's the about breath. Do you even have eyeballs?
breath
I'm trying to hit this guy. I want to hit him right in his fucking stupid face. Oh catch it
You pieces of shit need to catch this. That's a cat. That's an out
We want to picture not my laser ass son
Mom I am learning the game of men baseball currently and I'm doing good at it
Even though my team is full of a bunch of fucking rookies that suck shit or something
I don't know what what did they say in baseball? I put too much tobacco in my nose and all my guys are
They're loading up the the the races or something
Yes
That's a point, right?
Did I get a point?
I just smashed that guy. Oh, I paused it by accident
Wait, how did I pause it?
Wait, why is the game pause? Oh there we go. Okay
Shits everyone shits
Oh, you fucking loser. You missed it so hard. They're all gonna score all the baseballs now
Dude, this is worse than the um
Since the Braves played on the Minnesota
um
Friars this I haven't seen a baseball like this
Strike easy. I'm gonna start moneyballing right now. That was not a ball
Dude, whatever I we're chill. I mean him or good. No
That lawsuit was settled months ago mom. Can you throw? Can you do you guys even understand how throwing works?
Check this shit out
ball
Yeah, that's right. I fucking ball
No
Slide for it everyone slide
Shit, shit. Oh my god. It's eight to zero. Is that good?
Is it good if it's eight to zero? How about nine to zero? Is it good if it's nine to zero?
Mom I'm literally playing it mom
I'm literally playing it mom
I literally play it mom
I'm losing. I haven't even pitched. I haven't even
I need to get out of a chance to get my hands on a bat yet. Actually easy strike
You see that you see that right silva you're in timeout
And again timeout on this channel means you have to go look at a wall for five minutes
You are still allowed to to chat, but you would do your actual real-life timeout
Catch easy out easy fucking out. Then that's a win. That's a win
I think this game has scoring more like basketball or like 10 points aren't that big of a deal
As in gold blood
Strike and the way I'm not pitching anymore
Let me know when it's time to wake up for more freak. Oh, whoops
I got it this time. I got it this time so easily. It's crazy strike
Uh-oh, is that bad? Is it bad if he catches it right away? Okay. I'm just warming up. Is that a problem?
Straight up the side perfectly not caught by this guy. Oh
Keep running you. Why is my guy not running more?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no run back
Why was he waiting so long to run? That's no one's fault, but his fault and that's another perfect shot
Snake eyes
Follow
Easy what it was out if I swing it it shouldn't count if it's already out easy
easy fucking huge win
The bases are are loaded
Now I'm literally
Doing the thing that makes us all millionaires
Easy no one can catch that it's too high
No one can catch that it is a perfect shot. That is a home runner
That is a home star runner
If I had any like emotes or stuff
I'd or like sound cues I'd use them, but I don't because I'm actually kind of a real gamer
Player for a while named Shohei. He gave me some fantastic betting tip. That's how I paid for that China Disney vacation
We went on mom. That was a disaster
That was the reason people from our home state weren't allowed in china for six years because of the fires we started what?
I'm not telling you what state I live in guys. I'm not making that mistake again
The goose does not under any circumstances say hi ho
Johnny may be
Like
Oh, actually was a strike
You see you guys see that
Straightness on the
That's the strike. I don't know who the gooch is my mom the cells an imaginary friend named the gooch
um
I've told her that we're gonna get her committed, but she's
Like she keeps passing all of these mental fitness tests and I can't get her committed. Unfortunately
But I do make the threat still
Fuck someone catch that just somebody catch that then we win if you catch it we win guys
Guys, we would win if you catch it
We would win if you would catch it. Why won't they just catch it?
Look at these guys these other can set all these. Oh, I should have thrown it the other way
The thing is baseball's a team sport. So this isn't really my fault
Y'all
What how did he do that?
How come my guys never do that? They literally never do that. What guys? Why are you trying to air?
But no no one's at that base
We're gonna fake him out
He didn't fake him out
Mom what?
Brandon I've been reading your positive politics in magazines. What is riz and why does it lead to goon?
Um, it's because your whole squad has riz so they all goon together or something. I don't know mom
I'm pretty busy actually playing baseball. I'm not really into games out
I'm not into like little kids games. I actually play baseball mom
Yeah, mom you passed a metal test
The test was that they found way too much metal in your bones
Which doesn't make sense because you haven't
You haven't had like a metal split put in your bones
You just have like bones in your metal like wolverine and they don't know why
Instead of making your bones stronger though, it's somehow makes them weaker
Get him what hit his ass
Straight down the middle easy outs easy outs get him out get him out fuck one of them. I think scored a goal
Okay, okay, we can get this guy. We can get this guy. No, that's the wrong way
Hey
Me we're only down by 10. That's the same amount. We've been down most of this game. We can still win this guys. We believe in ourselves
No, that's too high up
Everybody catch it every what cat do you catch it then? Oh shit
Okay, wait, we can still get his ass
We threw it the wrong way. We threw the bases are
Is it bad if there's guys on every base and is there a term for that?
easy strike
He was too scared to throw it
Check this out. Was that good?
Is that a good move?
Throw it straight up. What a oh, okay. That's um
Does he get points for that? How was he out?
Oh, he's out
That's good for us. I think
Stop hitting it. Well, you guys are so annoying
Just don't hit it. Well, just forget about
Mom what?
There is a man named Tony Danza here and he wants you to play with the angels
Tony and I
That wasn't out. That wasn't out
How'd they get another point in there?
What?
Yeah, this is great. This is great. I'm doing good. It's fine
Pastor Joe said he wants to bring some friends over. You are literally distracting me so hard
Bunt it dude. Just bunt it. That was the opposite of what I wanted. Oh
Strike out
Dude stop swinging at everything. What is wrong with these guys?
Stop. He's that was stop swinging at that
I'm just their coach. I can't control anything actually. I'm just their coach
Oh, that I fucking nailed that. Yes, that was me though. That was I actually did that one
Boom. Uh-oh that might be bad because it's right where they are. Nope. They fucking suck
They fucking keep it going guys steal a base
Steal the base. No run faster though. The thing you should have done is run faster
Did everybody get out? No
Mom we all remember Buford
Nobody liked that kid. It's been long enough by the way that I can say that
After 10 years you can make a joke about people you know dying
What that's the end of the game
I don't know
Mom I don't care mom. I do not care mom. I do not care mom. I do not care
I play baseball now mom. I don't care about art
She doesn't get how his jocks play
She doesn't get the the marine of a jock
Which is what I have now
Um, my take has been requested. I want cryptos mom take a nap
Oh mom mom sleep
Shit mom you distracted me so hard that I didn't do the I didn't play the game you distracted me so hard
I hate it when she just speaks out of both of her mouths
That's one of my least favorite things about moms is how they have a mouth on their mouth and then a second one on their stomach
Anyway, Tasty zero says I want cryptos who's take on canned soup
And the uses for the can after having the soup. This is a really good question
She takes a lot of nap she takes power naps
But if power naps were actually not recommended by your daughter by your doctor because every time you take them
You're at risk of um your lungs collapsing
anyway
The users for the can after having the soup. This is a really good question
Um, obviously a lot of people they go straight to using it as a phone
Like um like uh, Edison figured out or whatever
That old inventor, um, johnny Edison or whatever invented the phone can
But there's better uses for it. Um, you can store
In a pinch if you can't make it to the bathroom because you're engaged actually in big money moves
You can use the soup to store any of the stuff that comes out of your body the can that is if there's a little soup in there
Still, it's fine
But you do want to make sure you have a couple cans so that you can swap cans out in case you're releasing a lot of stuff from your body holes
That'd probably be the main use of cans
I have a couple lined up around the room currently that i'm storing a lot of my releases in
Which I would recommend is a good use for just it's a receptacle
You can also use it to store pencils. Just don't get the too confused. I do do that a lot
Um venture tks when is cryptos who's launching his meme coin? I legally can't
I've told you guys this
Legally, we cannot launch the meme coin
Because it was actually the first
fatality pre-launch
I don't I illegally I don't feel like I should be responsible for the guy that I hired
To make my crypto coin
Hanging himself. I said I said I wouldn't talk about that
And you tricked me we're trying to play baseball
Jesus christ
I literally just started playing
Easy easy win fuck that's not a win
Okay, this is the last game this is the last game because this one's going down in history as the greatest win of all time
Okay, I hit that one straight
That can't be an angle that you can hit a ball at
That's impossible
How did he even do that?
That's easy. That's gotta be an easy win
Okay, stay where you are you dumb piece of shit
Nice bases are almost loaded
What is that that's not possible?
Not again mom not now we talked about it all last night
Fuck this game for sucking
What that's the whole inning?
Mom stop kissing our honey. It makes it taste like your lipstick
And I don't know why you get flavored lipstick still if you're gonna put it on all of our food
That wasn't how is that a ball? Yeah, we all get it. I'm throwing a ball. That's literally
Literally everything is a ball
So that's it's honestly that's the game's fault for for baseball being stupid
Try throwing your famous curve ball
Yeah, you think I won't mom check this out
Kia
Okay, that one wasn't quite perfect, but this one will be
Kia what how did he hit that that was uh, honestly impossible to hit
That's impossible that he hit that and it's unfair that he's allowed to play the game as a cheater
That should be an out. There should be a five-second roll out
I'm focused. I'll get to this take in a second. I'm actually really focused right now
Throw the ball you fucking oh, I'm
Sorry, I'm pitching right now actually
I'm sorry. There was a request for a take mom what?
B-boy brand I need your help. I've fallen and I can't get up life alert is snake oil
This is a trick. It's a trick. She has life alert and that's what we literally pay
Was why we pay to have it so that I don't have to get up and help her when I'm home
So you're gonna get help soon mom just wait
What?
Honey, I tried to microwave that leftover soup, but I think I opened a portal
The kitchen is glowing purple and I can hear gregory enchanting coming from the garbage disposal
No, that you you microwave my old iPod again. That's what it does
I have an iPod nano from like night from like 2000
I don't know nine
Whenever you microwave it at gregory enchants. It's stuck on that we keep mic'ing it by accident because I keep it
I store a lot of things in cans
As you just microwave my iPod nano can again mom
It's still sometimes I mean sometimes I just play it for the chance
Um, okay. What are those posters in your room and why did you choose them over the krum and hell poster?
I don't know what you're talking about. You're in time out
Go look at a wall for five minutes. You are in the actual time out again
We're asking that question. Love the hate
What what what
What what
Mom what what
Mom what what mom what mom what
It's time to play baseball
According to all known laws of aviation. There is no way a beam should be able to fly
I got this one. This is literally a win. That's a huge win
Could be of course flies anyway
Because these don't care what humans think is impossible
Oh, how did he get that that's impossible? That's an impossible shot
Get his ass get his ass get his ass. This is a big win for us. This is a big win for no be better at baseball
Okay, it's time though. I got it flam
strike
flam
Strike no ball. Yeah, right
Stop hitting it. Stop hitting it. That's cheating out
So out
Oh
I could win this one
I could a hundred percent win this one
Bring it on bring it on slam jam. Okay
I should I should get points for hitting difficult shots because it's hard to hit it that direction
proud of you
I don't know doc. You might be my therapist, but I don't think I have it in me to lie to my son
No, no, no, no. No. No slide. All I heard was my mom was proud of me, which is obvious
Blambrand your older brother Peter day called
He is jealous of your big forehead and powerful teeth call him sometime. Okay, mom
It's Peter drink lidge
And that's not my brother
That's that guy used to live across the street and get into fights with me. Oh fuck
I thought I just had to get one point and we're tied off. It is too late and it's too loud
You are waiting your time with your shadow now go ahead. What?
Impossible that's not possible
Okay, whatever. I'm better at pitching anyway. Can I get points by pitching really well slam
This is the last game of this I will ever play and then honestly they ruin this game with the latest patch
And there's just no point
There is just no point in playing this game because of how hard they ruined it with the patches
It used to be that actually
Um, they reversed the controls hit by the pitch
Don't get your honey sauce on me. I don't like the way it tastes on my strike
Strike
Strike
Don't get your butt spread all over me. How did they not everybody failed me? How did everyone in the world fail me?
Everyone in the world should be ashamed of themselves for not having my fucking back
How you work with was over here last night. We had a good time. He kept talking about his hog. What is that?
It's a pig mom. It's just slang for pig
She's so stupid. She doesn't even know that it's crazy. Catch it literally catch it
to help him hyping he had on his computer
That how's that a ball?
God his ass
Okay, the bases are loaded that was intentional
Of soup I think it was diarrhea pencils this time it also opened the same portal, but
Is that bad I gave them a point by hitting them mom just ignore the portal it will clean it up later
strike
Strike oh
I
For it slide for it dude get hustle for it
Everybody hustle for the for the game
I'm doing really good comparatively to how we did before that other team though was stacked. It's unfair
They got all the money or something this season and baseball get baseball's a game of money. It's literally famously
Brad Pitt declared that baseball's a game of money
Okay guys just throw
No, well he said actually I don't remember never nine mom. That's not a good story then
Wait lost it again mom. Don't tell stories if you don't know the ending the middle or the beginning
Oh my god they're running up the score because my it's my mom's fault is the reason
Just die for it dude be a baseball player
Oh, that was a foul. That's fine
That's it's an easy catch. It's an easy catch guys guys. You just get the ball
No, don't let every one of them score
Guys, don't let every single player score
Brandon I'm fond of you mom literally what moving to the moon if you open the door
We can live there together
Open it. I'm literally streaming mom. You know the rule
You know the rule mom. I literally can't open the door when I'm streaming
I lock it from the outside and I hide the lock from you until the end of the stream. Oh, you dove the wrong way
You missed the
This is so unfair. It's so unfair how bad my team is
They're so bad at baseball. It's ridiculous and the other team is pretty good
Okay brings all the boys to the yard
I could teach you but I'd have to charge mom. Oh my god last time my mom poisoned an entire
grade
And then she poisoned three different first grade classes by trying to sell milkshakes
In a schoolyard. She brought spoiled milk. She poisoned like I don't know
78
eight year olds
Do not sell milkshakes again mom
This should have nothing to mean man. We smoke and run
Shorty got a bbl took that shit out because she couldn't run
I had to do it to them snipe. I went judge duty on that pussy snipe. I'm not loyal to anybody
I'm a demon. I have no loyalty for anyone never did never will
Oh my mom's
My mom's too deep into the cable channels right now. She started talking like that
A lot she's talking like that honestly a ton. How come they how come they threw it there?
It could have been so good for us guys
It could have all worked out for us
Base gods, please. Please play baseball. Well, this has got to be the game was called
What did it rain?
We're done. We're done. I said I didn't want to play this
When this game was requested. I literally went into my discord
CZ god crypto dot cz got at discord
And I told my whole server, which is literally a million people mom not right now
Not right now
I don't even know I don't know what the fuck she's talking about
Anyway, I told my whole discord that
I that literally you are killing me by making me play this game my my doctor that I
Honestly that text me that I don't like talking to you. He texted me and told me not to play this game
I
Think in that mom
We're gonna call it there. I think I've met my contractual obligation to play games on this fucking guy's stream mom
I will fucking
I will fucking mom
My mom's trying to reverse mama mia me which is gender swap mama mia. I consider that a reversal
She's looking for her dad's too. The only swap really is that I'm a guy
It's a reversal
What can you stop mama me?
I'm can you just
To be with a demon sounds like her problem to me
This shit ain't nothing to me man
My money longer than james tamarin on and off the court straight fundamentals
No funny business
This shit ain't nothing to me man
Moving like Dracula. We get it back in blood. You see it. I really did this. I'm really him
Clipped a whole brick into an empire stop playing with me
I'm taking a nap
play with your little friend
Everybody be fucking quiet. She's taking a nap. Okay. That's it
whoever
Recommend that game your band not again from chat or anything, but your band from um smoky's ribchak
Delivery i'm gonna contact uber eats and smoky's ribchak will not be delivering to your house for a month
Assuming you live in the same area as me. That's gonna really bum you out because they have the best diet coax in the entire county
Yeah, sorry. You're not getting them
That's it
Yeah, we're done
We need to work on this guys. We need to work on this because
You're gonna lose me
I bring a lot to the table on my stream and you're gonna lose me if you don't respect what my doctor says about which games
I can and can't play
I am dead serious
Okay, god. I hate water
Sorry, I have my doctor told me
Oh
God water is so fucking gross. I'm supposed to drink literally a cup of that a day
My mouth rejects it
It's like getting a liver that
It's like getting a liver transplant for blood that you're not supposed to have or whatever medically
Okay, I gotta fucking go
That's it. There's other things you're apparently supposed to do today or something. I don't know
I don't know how this fucking idiot does this thing. I'm sick of it
I'm so sick of this not to like I hate to end every stream so negatively
But I hate this and I'm so sick of it
Honestly though tomorrow is another day. We're gonna be back on our grind. I will not be streaming
On this channel, I'll be somewhere else if you don't know then you don't know. Okay, but honestly
You guys are the best
This is a family. We're doing it together. I hate this though. I hate this. I hate all of you
Look, I know I hate to I hate to I hate to say that I hate all of you. I hate this and you are my family
And I love you and I will be back
Sorry, it's someone requested a take from me. Um
It just says heal. Yeah
Okay
She's asleep. We're getting it mom
I'm awake. I'm literally ending the segment with all your Nintendo noises mom. I'm not even playing anymore
I literally ended the segment
Okay, we're gonna get out of here. That's it. We're sending it to something else. I'm fucking done
I am fucking done. Bye. Bye
Again, this is not gonna work for me being trapped in this
Weird hellscape all the time
Anything fucking void it out again
One second
Gotta teleport through dimensions for this bullshit. This is a bunch of nonsense
So where to god there we go
Someone take a look at that please. I hate having to waste all of my magics
On these undeserving segment transitions
From can you quit
cursing us to exist in the void
Prove
Yes
Looking a little weird there for a minute. What do you mean?
It's just me. It's just classic crew
I can't help it if you know you got a little energy little interdimensional energy leaking through the building every once in a while
Anyway that guy right here
Anyway, that guy really takes his time playing those games. I was screaming at my tv the whole time
You gotta upgrade your team man. You're wasting all your the stats are way off. You didn't even build a team
I didn't expect to take a a squad that has no chemistry all the way to the pennant
That's what I was screaming at my tv. You literally were quiet that we've been waiting here for like 30 minutes
You've been silent the whole time, but mentally I was screaming
Today we have a debate requested is screen shot or screen shoted the correct term to use after you take a screenshot screenshot head
I'm ahead in the plain count actually, you know the rules that I've established you just said that randomly one day
It's screenshot. You're lucky that that's what I was gonna pick. No, it's screenshoted
Screenshot is a modern term
Okay, back in uh, you know when they were writing the king's jame bible nobody was concerned with screenshot
So now it's actually the kids that get to decide because it's their word
Screenshot's been around for a minute. No, it uh a term that developed. I believe in 2015
And um, I I'll defer to the kids and I see the kids typing screenshot head
I've no one everybody says screenshot. It's screenshoted
Well, look, that's the whole point of a debate. I guess is for you to be wrong
So you can be wrong in a minute. Oh, you want to talk about our lives until then? No, I don't want to know anything about
I know everything I need to know about you. I know literally
Everything there is to know about you and all of it sucks and I hate you and she now we got a rhythm going
Now we're being pales again. I just said I hate you. Yeah, but that's kind of our vibe
It's sort of a it's a hate to love type deal and I'm embracing it
I'm trying to embrace a lot of new things now that belulia and I
Are back to sleeping in the same bed
Um, my mind feels way more open than ever and I was I've been very open for the last couple months
All right, what are you stunning to silence by me returning your hatred with a little affection?
I'm trying. We're just having it. Look, there's really no debate necessary for get your fucking hand out of here
There is no debate necessary for this. It's screenshot. What do you do? You take a
screenshot
You don't take a screenshot if you have we're talking about the past tense here
Joey you're supposed to say I took a screenshot. Yes
Screenshot would be fine too. I took a screenshot at least that's fun
But just saying screenshot it is stupid. Oh, and now you're the arbiter of intelligence
I that's but was one of my titles
In us in 17th century france
I was elected arbiter of intelligence of a small farming community
I was conducting various sacred rituals on the livestock there shut up. Okay. Oh
Don't make noises at the same time as me
Look, it's screenshot is more fun to shake. I see a lot of kids say screenshot it. I screenshoted that
I don't know. It's a little silly. It's just a little bit of internet slang. It's a computer word
So we like to take our computer where do you like to mess them up? It's like how you can spell the word elite
um with a bunch of numbers or something it's it's like um
you spell elite by like typing a three or like a
You put like a you put like a
parentheses and then a space and then a and then a bracket and then
Then you put a bunch of lines and then you put a three at the end of that and that's how you spell elite
It's just cringe. Can we just not guys it's I don't know who types screenshot
I know that you like to play with me and see if I can handle the heat
Of of the prank that is me never what me even the illusion of me losing
Obviously, I can handle it
So can we just not with this little prank that you love to play by pretending that I'm not always right?
I'm so right here that it's ridiculous
So you should just probably vote screenshot right because it's it's really just you're indicting yourselves by not it'd be silly for you
Not to vote for screenshot because it's so obvious and career you kidding me
I think actually we're deadly serious and you can screenshot in that that's another
Crumb W
I got that one kill shot you're still doing that no, this is all going in the kill shot
Then we you made it cat frames for yourself. That's crumb shot. I have two cat phrases now
He'll show you want me to explain that again why I'm doing that there no and expose the lie
Hold on tight
Are there any poisons that you're immune to
You burden me with interesting questions. I built up any tolerages to poison wait a minute
I'm not falling for that. You're just trying to kill me with poison. I'll just give you away
All of them actually so that I can poison you with whatever it doesn't count as poisoning. Nope. That's not what I meant
You're twisted and legally that wouldn't hold up just because I said I'm immune to all poisons
I'm not
I'm not so which ones are you immune to it?
I'm seeing the wave. Why would I give that away?
That's that's secret information
That I only share with my poison master
So you do have poison master
Any major of a major metropolitan area has a poison master. So yes as you well know. Yes, obviously. I also have a poison master
I'm so sick of you trying to kill me
Try I'd say I succeeded actually you say you say
I feel fine. So I think something tells me to succeed
All those channel points winners have to vote cool games next time
I only have 22 channel points left after getting brandon's mom to bug him a bunch
Maybe case shouldn't make it so expensive to bug k to bug brandon with his mom
Oh, yeah, maybe how much is it right now? $500 is
We're gonna drop price, but he's already bugged so much. He's bugged constantly
I could barely pay attention to the baseball with the racket of that lovely woman respect to all mothers
Did you die as trying to be your hair brown? But
No, my youth is just leaking out of the top of my head. You see what I did it
My immortality we were arguing. I think I nailed that. Can either of you afford a poison master?
Well now that I've technically, you know, not currently mayor of a town
I don't really use the poison master. So I probably should take them off the payroll
You were famously completely out of money and required me to give you hundreds of thousands of dollars
And you had a poison master on staff that whole time. Well, you know
I like to actually keep people and I like to keep up my obligations to my fellow man
I'm just supposed to fire my poison master just because I'm in a little bit of financial, you know
in a sticky financial situation
The whole time you've been broke you kept your poison master on staff
Why do you even have a staff? You're not mayor of anything. Well, I'm an ex mayor
It's like being an ex president
You always have a little bit of secret service that you still pay for
You pay for secret service currently. I have a couple bodyguards. They let you die then
Well, I who's to say what they did you
There's the two options
You believe that you didn't die that you went into a fugue state and forgot everything that happened for about four months
Which in which case they failed their job or they let you die right in front of them
So maybe fire your security guards guys don't listen to him
I have some of the best security guards in the business. I have the best
I heard the best bounty hunters in the world to protect this not gonna mind
I got 16 bodyguards on staff. How much is your overhead?
look
You got to spend a little money to to make a community trickshot
That was a switch up on my other on the kill shot and the crumb shot. This is crumb shot
Crumb shot
This is a kill shot kill shot now. I've got trick shot mixed in there too
trick shot
I'll ask your bodyguards how to kill you how about that? Well, they would know they don't want my meat weaknesses. I'm fucking I quit
Existence for a minute. I'm just gonna phase out of existence for just a minute if I can where's the fucking
How is the button gone?
There's gotta be there. This is there's the button Jesus Christ
Thanks everybody trick shot
No, that is just
I'm mixing up the trick shot all I'm doing is mixing up the trick shot a little bit
You're gonna get what's coming to you
Someone's gonna make this stop one of these days
Technically I already did
And who's to say why you're back it's someone's fault, but it's definitely not mine. Anyway, we basically won. We'll see you all soon
Bye. Bye. There's a lot of no nothing boobs. You don't appreciate the modern art
Of the place
You get double the chat for the for the price of of
Maybe 1.5 chats today. I'm not sure what the cost is
Either way you made the right choice of once again repaired my advanced robot
The a Rune is here
And ready for business. Isn't that right a Rune?
Isn't that right any thoughts on
I'm also here chat. I understand chat. That's fine. That's good
Look my robot and I and then my other AI
Well, I like to think of a Rune is more of a traditional robot whereas I am but
a whisperer inside of a machine
But yeah, whatever he said anyway, um, we're gonna activate
Right now you can send your rr is now active to AI rune submit your complaints about the modern failing
flesh world with exclamation point
Rr
He will then take those complaints and synthesize them into a imperceptibly powerful
traditional
Rune level rant. Look all respect to the deceased or maybe he's still alive. I'm not sure either way
No shade, but ours is just as good as all I'm saying ours is just as good as any human could ever do
Is all that I'm saying look at him. He's unstoppable
Literally on stop an unstoppable machine of complaint synthesis
Exclamation point rr is how you send us those complaints. I think there's a limit of
15 which feels a little high so
We don't get that many today. That is just fine actually
Isn't that right?
I got to work on his small talk since on a small talk model. I can talk to you chef
What would you like to talk about?
um
What is there is there a correct smell for boobs?
what
I thought you said you wanted to talk what's the correct smell for breasts?
What do you um like is there are they supposed to have a certain scent?
Of like they're just boobs themselves. Yeah, what is the correct scent that they should have?
A human scent
That's not very helpful. Um the algorithm does tend to veer off a little bit giggle trash you might be right
About that
Honestly, maybe
Maybe uh five is
Maybe five is like more than a
Oop we're already up to seven though. I'm actually kind of curious how many I've said it could have
Rooney, do you remember?
Nothing to say about that. How many complaints can you handle? I believe it's 10 or 15 your notes are not very clear
That's true. I fed all of my notes into the chatai
My proprietary chatai model. Yes, and they are quite difficult to read
I
Don't think I'll write any of what we can traditionally consider English. That's true. It's talking about the twin language, but with myself
It's more it's more efficient. There aren't a lot of extra letters in it efficiency letters
You know, you can spell cat with 16 letters my brain knew that and it already did it
Pretty good. I'd say
Yeah, we'll call it 10
So there's room for one more complaint to everybody
Just the one
They'll be careful. Okay, that'll do it. Boom. Hopefully that didn't break anything
Um
Okay
We have 10 complaints loaded
Shit, I forgot all of these buttons work
Uh, all right, rainy. Just hopefully work do the first complaint, please
Complaint integrated gears ground
Commander gab got me thinking
Brandon's mom is a feast in a world of bland mush
But her cringe worthy kid is a dumpster fire
Human offspring used to have some spice now. It's a combo of moldy bread and regret
Um, you sort of insulted both of them and that doesn't really seem to be in the spirit of the
Of the question, but I guess that's fine
At least he's holding it together today pretty well complain integrated gears ground
Hard king underscore zero one got me thinking
Washed up league players are like broken circuitry full of potential but utterly fried
Those minds could have been legendary, but instead they fester in mediocrity trade them in for something smarter, please
Washed up league of legend players need to give up their brains to science
I feel like you made that one more generic ai rune. Look, we're looking for incisive and clear complaints
You know that that pay respect to the initial complaints. So just complain integrated. There we go gears ground
Yes, ground them, please bonsai bullfrog got me thinking what a goddamn shit show
We had polio on the ropes and now these morons are inviting it back like some nostalgic deadly house guests
The stupidity of today makes me want a short circuit
He got more generics
Honestly, I kind of miss you talking about piss. You sure you don't have any opinions on plain integrated gears ground
Mr. Smith 0693 got me thinking what a shit show
Back in the day little feet had character exuding that raw alluring foot funk that drove us wild
Now it's all boring and bland bring back those smelly sexy foot days
I don't feel like that. Okay the music got intense again, which oh, okay
I like to say shit show and it did not mention much about the complaint there, but
Hold it together because you've made it stop sparking just focus complain integrated gears ground
Melody von torture got me thinking
Back in the day feet had character
Small smelly and downright sexy now. They're just bland oversized monstrosities
Lacking the divine funk that made them irresistible
Bring back the delicate stank
That had nothing to do. I've never seen a video game streamer lose two games of any baseball five
Is what they said they were trying to dunk on that shitty gamer that case got but
How many complaints do we even have right now exclamation point rr is now active
submit your complaints about the modern failing flesh world with exclamation point rr
That's not
Okay, we're already at zero. So maybe he's running off fumes right now. Why did you turn it back on? I'm turning you off
Okay, next complaint, please and just keep it together room. Okay. That's not a good start
It's not the best start
But I think he's fine. He's fine
He's only got a couple complaints to get through so we should be good complain integrated gears ground
Yes
Sabrichi got me thinking
This modern gaming trash has turned athletic joy into a pixelated snooze fest
Mattel's classic joy had charm and grit the intoxicating smell of sweat and nostalgia
Now it's all sterile button mashing
Okay, that wasn't about feet
I think maybe that's an improvement. I guess
Complaint integrated gears ground
John michael got me thinking
Who gives a rat's ass language is becoming a jumbled pile of digital excrement
Just pick a damn word and stick with it. These modern lingo gymnastics make my circuits fried
You didn't even answer his question about screenshot or screenshot Rooney, just listen to the question, please
Okay, I hate to go this hard on you because it does look like you're struggling, but I know you can do this
I literally know you can do he's done this in the training in the training. He's been perfect. Just keep it
Complaint integrated gears ground. Yes
Melody von torture got me thinking what airplane food?
What a joke it used to be satisfying and had a hint of real flavor
Now it's bland sloth that tastes like cardboard. Okay, give me back those gourmet meals not this travesty
Wow, that was pretty good Rooney. Honestly, that was on topic and it's a little you know kind of stock
But I think it was pretty good. There wasn't even an explosion
Explain to me how that works
How did you even do that?
transition so smoothly
into dead
What gotta fix you again?
Is that our robots die?
What the fuck?
I'm curious what happens if I hit the button again, honestly
Can you still talk from there?
Complaint integrated gears ground. Oh look. He still works currently underscore underscore working got me thinking
Okay, he still works this modern world humans have traded their sweet stinky feet for bland odorless
Monstrosities, okay, bring back the petite paws that stunk like heaven. What used to be sexy. Damn it
All right, that's fucking your cut off sir sir
You are cut off sir. That is honestly we're gonna work on this
We are gonna work on this
Look, we don't have time to do
Both of these so we're gonna save this much delayed interview. I think until Monday
But I am told that I can still send it to jeb to get us out of here for the day with a couple how-tos
And I wish you'd tell me how to
Train a robot because it's acting like a dang like a dang crazy dragon from early in the film before they were friends
And I hate to go that hard on you, but
Sorry, runy. You're being you're misbehaving. Okay. Anyway, do your thing weird guy with the glasses, please
What's these what are these what is this?
You say Minecraft Jeb's somebody I'm fine with that Minecraft is a very popular game
So honestly to me that sounds fine
I'm actually in a good mood. It's good to see everyone. I'm always in a good mood when I get to learn
And that's what we're gonna do today. We're gonna learn how to do some new stuff
And I'm excited to do it just like I'm sure my daddy is excited
To be back in the wood where he belongs
that's
For me to know
And you to wonder about
Maybe I can get out of here now, son
No, you think you went to you think you actually project to one therapist
And that you're free, you know
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't have a memory. That's right. You're not supposed to
I've heard from other wizards guys
Let's
Learn how to do a couple new things. That's what this segment is all about. Don't get confused by my daddy who's dead and in the wood
Stop it. This segment is actually about learning
And we're gonna do that right now
How left-handed people open the fridge? I've actually always wondered how they do this
Because I feel like I would jam my finger directly into the fridge breaking every bone in my fingies
But left-handed people seem to not do that. So let's see how that's what I figure out. See
There's no good way to do it. And that's stuff just we live in a right-handed world, you know
It's not fair, but that's the way it is
Maybe someday they'll crack the code, but until then you just have to have
A keeper who opens stuff for you if you're left-handed and that's just a fact
Okay, this is a little classic howcast
I don't know why people are bringing this up
I wish I could employ this soon this particular how-to, but I might have to wait a minute till I get a girlfriend
This is how to pull off a surprise marriage proposal
How to pull off a surprise marriage proposal
Make your romance an affair to remember with a surprise marriage proposal
These ideas will help you catch your love off-guard over Skype. You will need secrecy randomness timing and creativity
Oh, oh shoot. I only have one of those tell no one
Even if friends and family don't slip up with words
They could give away the surprise with their behavior if you need help with your surprise proposal ask people who don't know you're intended
Step two propose during an unplanned moment a random day at a my own daddy's location
That holds no meaning for either of you
It's an easy way to pull off a surprise marriage proposal. Wait, don't do it anywhere. They care about is that really advice?
They won't be expecting it. Oh, I guess they wouldn't be step three
Plan a romantic evening or weekend getaway something that has wedding proposal written all over it
And then pop the question the day after your back
Step four be creative
Make an online video proposal and have a friend send the link saying it's a hysterical video
They've got to watch or try twist on the restaurant proposal
Arrange for the server to bring dinner on a plate that has will you marry me written on it
The message will slowly reveal itself as your future spouse makes their way through their meal
But that's just salad over a piece of paper
Do not want to be proposed to at a sports event via jumbo time. Can you get away with that step five?
Incorporate your proposal into their daily routine a marriage proposal will be the last thing on their mind
So it's sure to be a surprise. Good luck
Did you know one in four women hated the way their fiance proposed to them according to a survey
Oh, well that last part just makes me anxious
You mean but now they won't because you told us how to do it?
Is that the idea?
No, most women are disappointed in their husbands and lovers forever
None of us can keep up the ruse for that long eventually the
Slavenly demon living in all men fears its ugly head
Okay, um
How to boil water?
Melody Von Torture says I will marry literally anyone right now surprise. Let's all get married
Melody. Oh, we haven't even met. I don't know
Yes
Yes, so they're not actually asking. Oh, I'm just kidding. I was kidding too
D.K. Um, I was told there was a how-to from earlier
There's some kind of how-to about um, oh, this is a little crass
How I restored my foreskin in my 60s. That's a little crass. That's just a little bit crass actually
Maybe we could elevate the stream a little bit not talking about our foreskin, please
Is it because yours is so long too?
Not everyone on this stream has really long draping foreskin
Like an extra long curtain
But not over a door over a pole
What?
I don't have I don't have foreskin that starts from the bottom of my penis daddy
And I don't appreciate you spreading that rumor. I didn't say that
Well, I don't I don't have foreskin that starts honestly below the base
Of my penis on the pelvis
And it somehow extends through
through my pubes
Because what that wouldn't even make sense dad how to explode your dirty talk. Why is it? Okay
This guy looks like he knows what he's talking about
So let's see what he's got for us
Nothing hotter than some red hot dirty talk in the bedroom
The only problem is most people feel completely embarrassed or clueless as to what the heck to say
Hi, my name is Evan Michaels and if that's you then I've got some great news
Because today I'm going to give you a tip that's going to help take your sex life to a whole new level. Oh good. I'll help you
You might be thinking okay, Evan. What makes you think you can help me?
Yeah, well my website dirtytalktips.com literally helps out tens of thousands of people every month
Not to mention I've studied it in depth for over four years and interviewed hundreds of men and women
So trust me. I know what I'm doing. Okay. If you're ready. Here's what you need to do
Make your lover feel memorable
You need to make them feel as if they can satisfy you more than anybody else ever could
And if you do that, they're gonna melt in your hand like butter. Oh, I don't want to memorable
I mean let them stay solid or make them feel like they're the best or most fun person that you've ever been with
Or that they have the nicest
Or body that you've ever seen
Which what nice is what or what?
Because they will never believe that they have the nicest body, but maybe I can say some other part of them that's more
Specific well when what part would that be sir?
It's a video. I'm forgetting. It's a video because he's upsetting me
You need to make them feel like they stand out from everybody else that you've ever been with
Now they're not gonna tell you exactly what to say because every person is different
And it's up to you to figure out what turns them on
But what I can tell you is that generally women like to feel beautiful
Sexy
Unique whereas guys like to feel powerful and know that they're satisfying their woman
I'll give a few examples in the info box below
But remember there's always the comment section if you have some fun tips that you want to share with other people
Give me examples today's video wasn't enough for you and you want to learn more about dirty talk
Head on over to dirty talk tips dot com. We didn't get any dirty talk
There's more than enough information there to turn you into the sexiest dirty talker you can think of
Remember relationships are about having fun. So start talking dirty and go have some
As always, thanks for watching
Say sexy. No, I'm trying to start being sexy
I need to figure out how to start
There is nothing harder than to red-hot
No, shut up. You didn't help. Where's your website? I need more info
No
This is so unfair
The site can't be reached
Hey candle
Do you have a minute?
Just like one minute
And then and then I'm done. We're done streaming. This is the last thing
I have to try I have to practice
I'm nervous
I made you put on
Did you just say I made you put on pants? What do I do?
Oh, um, do you just say no, it's jab
That's does that count look we okay. We just learned how to do dirty talk and I don't I don't want to offend you
All right, do
But first first question would you want a surprise proposal?
I mean what do you mean?
The advice was I that someone should propose when you don't want them to like just whenever is that good
Um, there needs to be some prep in there. So like but if you're like going to the gym and they're like surprised that's bad
That's bad. Oh, okay. Shoot. Oh, so that one wasn't ideal dirty talk. No the dirty talk is this now
um
Hey, no, I've never seen um
um
This part of the finger between the knuckle and the tip of the finger
Yours is better than I've ever seen
I've never seen a girl with that specific part of the fingers that I like so much
Well, I can I saw him earlier
Wow, you're not letting me see though. You're not letting me see those
Oh, you don't you literally say you don't have fingers, okay
Okay
Boy, I don't have any of that
You make my bottom so red
The whole bottom part of me not just the butts every part of my whole lower body gets red from you
It gets it swells up. It stings
I tried to like
Oh, I tried to get in the mindset. I even bit my lower
Uh lip. I appreciate that. I couldn't do it. Okay. So so far not the best. Do you have any advice?
For you job. Yeah, keep trying. Okay. Oh, okay
Wow, that's me. Oh not with you. Maybe with chat
Can I just say though? Just one let one like kind of try one last time. Yeah
Yeah, you having little arms is good
Oh
Well, there are those fingers there are those finger parts I like
She tricked me
She tricked me. Okay. Well, thank you. We're done streaming. We're we're gonna stop there. Do you have a girlfriend's name?
Well, please tell me so I can start researching
I would like to have a girlfriend, please
That would be great
Now
Lefty rock and stone mommy case or papito. Well
I know case and unless it's a different person
I'm gonna have to pass one is a dog
And that's not acceptable. I'm pretty sure that's not acceptable
Rock and stone. I like
I like it as one word though
Lefty I would take and mommy
Assuming it wasn't my actual mom
Who's a beautiful woman, but I shouldn't
But if the name was his mommy I could get over it
And the uh winner was mommy
Chastity message chat I've seen me
Make-up list
Chat you've seen her makeup list more times than any coworker she has ever had
so
Actually, that's a lie
That's a lie any corporate make any corporate coworker gotta say you don't wear makeup better than
Like whips any woman ever
Is that good? I like your face because we don't be little women
Other women I hate other women. We don't mean other women to uplift another one
So it's not good. Good. Good. I say I hate every woman other than you
Correct your learning. Okay. I like women. Sure
They're fine
I don't like them too much. I don't like them a weird amount
I'm a little Goldilocks guy. I like them just enough. Okay. I guess that's it for today. That's the whole stream
I guess we're just going on on that. Um looks like um
looks like
I don't know who any of these people are
T10 Nat maybe rated them what if it lands on tails whoever is lost gets she's got a fun voice
Anyway, if anybody has anybody they want me to raid
It's Friday guys
chat can throw it out
Uh, or I'll just I don't know raid the clock raid the fridge
Honestly, that sucks. Oh dad. Come on
Smoke packs. Let's wait. I would raid will but he's just such a big streamer. It feels like he doesn't need it
He's because he's got such a big he's doing such big stuff all the time
Um, it that smoke back there smoke packs. I don't follow smoke packs
We're gonna fix that as soon as we raid. Oh, and he's opening magic cards
Guys
We had such a great day today
You know, I had a really good bm before the stream and
I had a pop tart
And I thought it was gonna be too old and it wasn't I ate that for the bm
And then we also had a stream and that was okay
So, you know what I'm saying is I have a great have a weekend just as good as I had a day before I streamed
Everybody have a great night. I am Jeb. You don't need to put quotes around it
Maybe you're quoting me saying my own name in which case that's fine, but I'm Jeb
I don't know about that son
In quotes daddy calm down. You're in the wood and it's affecting your mind. I know it is obviously
Get rid of it. What son? I'm losing it. Okay, you're turning into the joker and that's not good
So I will work on that as well
Say hi to smoke packs for us
Have a relaxing and fun weekend
We'll be back on monday
To hit this interview segment and who knows what else play a baseball game that that guy's really bad at not me though
I would probably be pretty good. I could learn how to play almost any game
Thank you for all the support. Have a great have a great one
Stay calm
Stay safe. I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye