I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this.
I'm Papito.
You're ready for the news?
Wow, what? You're in luck.
You're going to get a little of it. Plus, whatever these are.
There's an echo.
I'm doubled. Unacceptable. Is that better?
Has the echo ceased to be?
Maybe I'm just excited because it's a certain day.
Or it's not if I won't even put.
Oh, there it is.
Today's the day where everybody thought they were Irish already gets to say,
we're all Irish.
It's, you know, I'm not really good at describing what's good about this holiday,
but that's why no green jacket.
I guess I could. It's pathetic that you're not.
Wait a minute. That's the worst look yet.
What do you mean it's me? Dwayne the Shamrock O'Johnson.
What the fuck is the Irish?
These are supposed to be green glasses. They don't look good in here.
I thought the green glasses would really carry it.
You also sound about as Irish as ever.
100%.
Look to the plate. Why'd you turn the music off?
Today is a day to celebrate the Irish anthem,
a.k.a. any song used in movies.
Whenever an Irish guy shows up. That counts.
Where's the green jacket?
Fuck you! Take it easy.
It's not all about celebrating the color of being Irish,
which isn't green. It's actually the color of tears.
Where are people that are about sorrow and regret?
What's the color of tears?
Depends on how much you've drank.
Show the walls if it's green like the motherland.
What the hell? Why is it so blue in here?
I don't feel like making it green. It takes too long.
Go down to Trip Street.
I'll steal Trip's whole thing for a minute.
Oh my god. How will that work though?
You know what I'm not going to bother.
Don't want me to be wearing a green jacket.
It'll be an overload on how extremely Irish I both look and sound.
Do you want to do the job of the hype drain today?
I think actually on a... It's like how the snakes got driven out of Ireland.
A 100% true story that for sure really happened.
Exactly.
Much like St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland on St. Patrick's day,
when the Shamrock of Johnson drives the hype train out of that particular room you're in.
What the hell does that mean? You just got to think the subs for me.
I've only think the subs if they're 100% Irish subs.
Just like my sub shop, 100% Irish subway.
It's like that sounds terribly legal. It's not.
We're not a people known for being bound by legality.
You can decide if that's true.
I hope the hype train's not even going to be here.
Then we can't use this song.
We need something else.
We need the most dangerous thing to type into YouTube beats.
Irish trap beat.
This is what comes up.
It's a hard type, medieval type beat.
Does that sound about right?
Irish potato sandwich.
I see you've been to my sub shop.
Why we serve 100% potato?
Wrapped in a potato.
Just feel like you're being a little stereotypical.
You know technically I am Irish.
It's not a technicality. It's a reality.
And if you're not believing that you are, then you're not Irish.
Okay, who makes the rules here?
Me.
Now fuck up my voice.
Irish sandwich.
Getting this potato with a little bit of heck is that Scottish actually.
So don't.
Dwyne Sham Rock.
Don't stop.
The eyebrow race to the top, but both.
That's how we do it in the island that I'm from.
If you want some, come get some.
Potatoes only though.
Is this racism or accent humor?
It's not racist when it's Irish.
The Irish people have never been racist.
Facts.
I don't care if you lack the hard and truth of the facts.
I'm in the meadows in the back, hanging out with the green that is chat.
What are you talking about?
Shenanigans.
This beat isn't Irish enough for me.
You're losing your mind.
Well, you better go find it in the rolling hills of Ireland.
Is that what they're describing?
Yes.
Anyway, who am I supposed to thank?
Give me a harder type.
Give me a different Celtic lo-fi beat.
Wait, lo-fi.
Now I want high-fi.
It needs to be.
What the fuck is this?
I don't know.
I mean, the hype train, I guess, could technically still be here.
Theoretically, there's nothing to stop the hype train being here.
Nah, case.
You heard the train case.
It's not here.
Seems like a reasonable guy to me.
Colin Farrell?
Yeah, that's me.
You're Colin Farrell?
Yep.
I'm also Colin Joest.
Even Irish?
He looks exceedingly English to me.
The people want to see Crumb die again is the debate.
Yes!
Um...
We need to actually thank the sub.
Fine!
But I need a better beat if I'm gonna do this.
This is the hip-hop beat.
Legend.
I feel so sad when there's no one to kiss that panther.
None of this feels that Irish to me.
But it's all Celtic hip-hop.
So I guess it counts?
Let's take a one-piece rap.
Incorrect!
This is a Celtic beat.
Celtic beats to drive the English out of your country too.
Or at least half of it.
Yes!
Get it for a minute if you got some truth baby.
You're about to sip it.
I'mma fucking fill you up like you're a Guinness.
Imma eat you like pop.
I eat some spinach cause it's green so it's Irish so it counts.
Puttin' the haters all down for the count.
And the Irish can count.
One, two, three, four, five pounds.
No more.
Pounce?
It's Irish for pint.
That's not true.
It's true today, case.
Shut up!
Whoa!
Okay, here we go.
I got some people to think on.
A hot Irish loaf.
Scammer with 300 bits and you let it go.
To the island where we grew up.
Okay!
Steve, thanks for the one bit.
Apple double, thank you for the hot panther shit.
Gordon tunneler, thanks for the 250.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, some Irish baby.
Bundles crowd with 100 and the shamrock.
Shamrock?
I'll tell you, I know I don't stop.
Even when my voice gets high it eventually drops.
We in trouble now and not the troubles.
Imma tell you just how we got 100 bits from Mighty Oz.
Wow, wow, wow, Spla-dow, Spla-dow, Spla-dow, Spla-dow.
That's Irish, case.
Spla-dow is supposed to be Irish?
Spla-dow is Irish now, case.
Both of us are a testament to how why the Irish aren't known for their raps.
It's happy Irish wolf day.
It's a beautiful day to be an Irish wolf.
I'll take your word for it.
This is a straight up one piece beat.
Spla-dow-ney.
Uh, okay.
This is a whole playlist of...
This isn't Irish at all.
This is my Ski-po.
Oh, here we go, okay.
Bagpipes are more Scottish, but I don't even know if that's true.
You're completely uneducated on the reality of your own people, case.
Allow me to...
Educate you on Irish history.
Uh...
Okay.
I'll start, I'll start from the top.
I'm gonna give you the raw uncooked Irish history.
You ready for this?
Um, I guess?
Start my beat over. I need it to drop again.
Yes!
Come on.
Mmm.
I got some facts to drop for ye.
I'm gonna take it back to 6500 BC or Neolithic, baby, if I'm feeling like it.
Yeee, I'm a Celtic from the blood, baby.
2000 BC
Copper Axe is a what I fuckin' need
And 1200 BC
Bronze Age
Irish Baby and you know we never change
Now I'm taking it to 680 BC
The earliest circular enclosure around Naby's
Nave and Force what I'm speaking to you
This is a time when all Irish history do
Okay, 500 BC
There's an early evidence of bronze work.
I don't need you to just read a timeline of Irish history.
Too light, feeling great
Telling you history must have been faith, okay?
Here we go!
History and on a permanent floor, right?
Yeeeah!
Flip the script.
1500 BC
Nah, the fuck that shit?
100 BC to 500 AD
Old care script was invented, baby.
Do you know what that is, Kate?
No?
It's Irish.
I can see what you're reading.
You're just reading a timeline of Irish history.
You don't even know what any of this stuff is.
Nah, I have all this memorized.
It's easy for me.
For me it's nothing, Kate.
Thank God.
Anyway, that was gonna get into the stuff I did with my cousins
in the 1990s.
That's when Irish history really starts getting good.
But we were a couple thousand years too early before the hype ended.
Entity, thank you so much though
for the one month
tear-sub gifted to Guinness, which I will be taking
and immediately consuming.
Irish Chinese newsman has no sense of history.
I don't know how, you know, their Celtic stuff.
Finn McCool.
Finn McCool is Israel, actually.
He's a piece of Irish history.
Yeah, Irish history is just a bunch of Finn McCool stories.
I think. I don't think I'm saying anything offensive.
Balor? Yeah, he's part of the demon.
It's Irish history.
That's an Irish demon that he sounds?
Yeah, it's an Irish demon from the pits of Balor.
Okay, anyway, thanks for being here.
To Wayne the Shamrock, oh, Jobson.
If you smell a la la la la la la la, what the shamrock is cooking?
It's not exciting if you don't really like say it full force.
Well, I won't say it full force,
because you didn't earn it, Kais.
The snakes, the English chastis of Ireland was the Irish.
Your sign, we chast ourselves out.
Wait, the snakes, the English chast out.
You know, I have heard that St. Patrick is probably born in England.
Not doesn't sound right.
You hope the demon comes back out?
I haven't got over wrestling lately.
So in my head, Canon, you could still be there.
Okay, anyway, it's St. Patrick's Day.
So if you want to celebrate in America,
it mostly means getting really drunk, which maybe you've already done.
So if you know you're seeing a blurry mass of the news,
that's par for the course.
And maybe you're drunk on top of that.
And we'll get into it either way.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Macho, macho chair.
Yeah, that's right.
I can also read the news.
Sorry, everybody.
I'm a fucking quadruple talent, a quadruple threat.
Actually, I'm the amount of threats of muscles that I have,
which how many muscles does a human have?
Well, if I don't know Irish history, I definitely don't know that.
I've over, I'm a 6,000 quadruple threat with all 6,000 of my powerful muscles.
Extremely strong musicals.
Hello, everybody.
It's your fellow superhuman Shetman scape here to hit you
with the probably cool ass facts of the day.
I like to think I live in the best timeline, the Chet line,
the jaw line as I like to call it.
You call the timeline the jaw line, the jaw line,
but mine specifically is the one I mean.
A quadruplegic, a peledge to be a quadruplegic threat.
I don't think you know what that word means.
It sounds cool though.
You have to know what everything means if it sounds cool case.
It brings us to the news?
Sure, that's probably as good of a transition as any.
Sounds right to me.
Top US security official quits.
Says Iran did not pose an immediate threat.
Oh, does that mean we're, so I guess we're quitting the war?
Or like, oops, our bad.
We didn't mean to order a large pizza.
No, no, no, someone resigned over the war.
This guy, the guy from Friday Night Lights was in the government?
The coach from Friday Night Lights?
That's not fair to the coach from Friday Night Lights.
Whatever his name is, Coach Taylor.
Whatever the actor's name is, coach, coach,
what the fuck is the hype train doing here?
It's a ghost type train.
It's in its refractory period.
He'll be gone soon.
He does not look that much like him.
Whoa, look at all this Irish history.
I already know all this, because
like all Americans on my Irish.
So this stuff I already know.
He's in lanterns.
So this guy resigned to be in lanterns, the show,
about Taylor Sheridan being a green lantern.
Shut, you're getting too confused.
Just read the story.
Oh, right. I can read the facts.
Sometimes are words.
A top security official
and he all in U.S. President Donald Trump's administration
resigned over the war and ran on Tuesday,
saying the country pose no imminent threat to the United States
now or then.
Well, maybe now it does.
I added that stuff.
He said it pose no imminent threat to the United States.
He did say that.
Joe Kent, who headed the National Counterterrorism Center
in the first senior, is the first senior official
in Trump's administration to resign over the conflict
now in his third week.
Damn, we're already on week three.
We're binging this war, even though it's weekly.
That's how crazy war is.
Feel like we're not really enjoying the binging process.
He said I'm not my favorite Netflix original at all.
What I'm seeing on my TV, it's the actual war that...
Well, actually, you're probably not seeing it on your TV
that's not really getting...
It's not getting as much coverage, honestly.
As much visceral coverage as we probably should be getting.
You got a better sense of what's happening.
On the fourth week, we got a free sub.
Should I have gotten a punch card in the mail from the government?
Am I going to get drafted?
Because I mean, I'm old or I'm young.
I'm young.
I'm a stately level of young.
So am I too old young to be drafted?
There's no draft currently.
Probably there won't be.
And I don't think you'll be the first pick.
That's insane.
I'm essentially like Dr. Manhattan.
Manhattan.
They would want me immediately.
And obviously I'm not afraid.
Just wondering.
Because maybe there's ethical grounds in which I could not do that?
Yeah, I think it's within everyone's ethical right
to not fight in this fucking pointless war.
So you'd have my support, Chet.
Case is safe because he's basically made out of
like sand but not Spider-Man...
Spider-Man sand, man sand?
Like shitty bad sand.
You're made of bad sand.
What's good sand?
Spider-Man sand.
What am I not...
How am I not making sense here?
You are not far into this story.
Just say what happened, Chet.
The Reuters Iran Briefing...
That's an ad.
Joe Kent, pictured to my right,
said, I cannot in good conscience support the ongoing war in Iran.
Iran posed no imminent threat to our nation
and it is clear that we started this war
due to pressure from Israel and its powerful lobby.
Kent wrote in a letter posted on social media,
some experts... that's what he wrote,
some experts have said an immediate threat would be required
for the United States to launch a war under international law.
We're still doing that?
No, no, we stopped doing that a while ago.
So experts are kind of not reading the room
on what our administration thinks they can get away with.
Um...
Okay, great.
Good. Everybody resign.
I'm in full support of everyone resigning.
Just in general.
So he did a good.
Joe Kent Lee.
The lantern man did a good.
He did a good job.
Um...
Yeah, I guess.
You know, I'm always like...
Whenever somebody does something...
that is just...
It is... I guess it's technically brave
to like resign from the Trump administration really publicly
if you were...
because this guy was like a total toadie for the administration
until he... until now, essentially.
Like he's a total maggot shill.
Or was.
I guess he's sort of entering the Marjorie Taylor Green camp
of being like...
I just didn't think it would go like this.
Which to be fair, the Iran thing is so nuts,
there's probably some like...
people that are earnestly shocked at how incompetent
the administration is and destructive and sadistic
the administration is being in regard to this issue.
But you know...
First of all, though I do think Israel is obviously
a huge reason that we're in this war,
the tendency of everyone to be like...
If only Israel hadn't corrupted our dear sweet baby Trump,
we would be out of this war.
Just...
We have agency here.
Like it was within the power of the United States.
In fact, many presidents who were total fucking toads
to Israel on a million other issues
didn't go to war with Iran.
So like...
Obviously he's trying to like...
shift blame so that the president can,
I guess not be the primary locus of...
whatever his critique is,
but that's insane.
Like ultimately...
if he actually has this unilateral power
to do whatever he wants, then he had the power
to go to war and it's his fucking decision.
But they just want to have it both ways
is basically my point. I zoned out entirely.
Do you know St. Patrick's Day?
You're not allowed to talk that long
about St. Patrick's Day. You're supposed to drink enough
that like...
you can only speak in three letter sentences.
Three letter sentences?
I...
want...
more.
That's more than three letters.
I'm trying to count how many letters I have left.
None.
Come. There you go. That's three letters.
That's a full sentence.
That's a word.
Well hey, at least I got you off the subject of ranting.
Where's the green jackets?
You guys gonna make me go into my files
and painstakingly pull out the green jackets?
Because I could technically do that.
Technically that's within my powers.
Um...
Okay, one second. One second.
Let's see.
Okay.
Shut. Are you wearing green?
Um, now turning...
I'm now fading out of existence because of what you've done.
This is what you have done.
You're not allowed to talk about it.
I'm not allowed to talk about it.
This is what you have done, Case.
Here, I feel better now.
Here, I'll change really quick too.
Don't do it in front of me. I don't want to see...
I don't want to see your body.
I'm trying to visualize the perfect body
lately when I work out and I need to keep my vision pure
in order to do that but not...
what?
Observing lesser bodies.
I've been doing Chet's voice this whole time.
I'm just fucking with Chet
by doing his voice right in front of him like a real jerk.
Okay, um, fucking A.
Nope, that's red.
Turns out this is red, guys.
Does that count?
Is me being gonna...
Okay, there we go. Just cut to Pepito.
Stop doing my fucking voice.
This is mocking you for...
for what? Being such a nice guy?
Now we're green.
But it's gonna turn off.
Just so you know, when we switch to the next thing.
Are you happy now?
I feel much better. This feels more appropriate.
I will also play the fucking...
Irish national anthem
while we read the news.
But it's not contextually appropriate.
We're talking about the Iran war.
All wars are Irish.
It's St. Patrick's Day.
All wars are Irish today.
Yeah!
There's no guitar yet.
Well, there is a guitar but it's not going at that speed.
You can't air guitar at the speed you're going
at this part of the song.
I'm shredding with an Irish guitar.
Today all guitars are also Irish case.
Don't tell Chet how to be Irish.
Yeah, man. I'm Scandinavian and French or something.
Definitely a little Native American.
In both senses.
What are both senses?
Anyway, but today I'm 100% Irish.
It's like, I'll eat you.
I don't understand the rules of this holiday.
But you're supposed to.
It's that English blood in you, corrupting you.
It's fucked up the way your English case.
It's fucked up the way your English case.
I can't control my own genetic lineas, Chet.
It's because you're not trying.
I can see that.
Yes, Mr. Former President.
Quantum tunnel in I-10, just Mama Jam.
This is going to be beautiful.
Tasty coins and I've been dying to see them.
What's wrong with his mouth?
I'm trying to get you black and dans come out
and fight me like a man.
Sure, your wife had you on medals down in Flanders.
Tell her how they are made.
You run like hell away from the green
and in lovely land.
I used to communicate with this telepathically
on this auspicious day of Irish heritage.
How many Irish people were in Roanoke?
They all disappeared.
Even though I'm not from that Roanoke.
There's a saying, I'm from that Roanoke
where only the Irish disappeared, actually.
So only me.
Only me and I'm half English, so I don't even know if it counts.
Aren't almost all the Irish half English?
Something like that.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Something like that.
Vortigan would smite this black wellion.
I'm more Irish than you.
Is your last name Manscape?
Yeah, but it's an Irish spelling.
I'm not going to ask how it's spelled.
Fine, then don't.
Can you- what?
Is there anything more to this article?
Oh, you still want to talk about fucking...
God! Okay, look.
These two made a...
adult video together or something?
I think that's what they're posing for.
No, it's the former...
It's some former defense guy
and Trump.
Oh, they sort of look like they're posing
for like an adult. I assume that there's like a...
a third person that's kind of
between them if I scroll down.
He's also making that face.
You know what I mean? It's called like Trumped.
Doesn't this feel like a porn DVD cover to anyone else?
Is it- it's not just me.
It's just- in case the only one has not seen it.
Anyway, this can't guy.
The guy who's- who
is the guy from Friday Night Lights.
He went on to say in his
resignation letter, he resigned. That's what we're talking about again, I guess.
He said,
as President Trump is clearly and explicitly stated
he had strong and compelling evidence
that Iran was going to attack the United States.
This evidence...
Oh wait, that's not what he said.
It's actually the opposite of what he said.
Check, can you just learn to read?
No, that's too fast.
Case.
I'm trying my best to hear.
Reading is...
It's a process.
And every day you get better at it as an adult, man.
That's so cruel to say to just a
little baby adult trying his best
to learn.
Why don't you learn to be a friend?
Support those around you.
We're just trying to help.
If you try good, I'd try more than good.
I'm one of the best
ever to letters.
And until you accept that,
suck my fucking fat asshole.
Open it up and suck it like it's a goddamn
gusher.
Don't suck a gusher.
Suck my asshole like a gusher, he piece of shit.
What the fuck?
Fuck you!
Fuck you is my point. Suck my asshole like a gusher.
I don't even understand the logistics of that insult,
but it's gross.
Get shit on, bitch.
Don't talk like that, shit.
No, that's how you talk to me.
I'm just giving it back.
Anyway,
we're talking about this guy today.
Chat, please.
We're making so little progress on the news.
We're gonna get there.
This guy resigned. Do I need to
reiterate the news again?
I know. This guy resigned.
He's against the war with Iran because
he said they didn't pose a threat.
Then
the White House
secret spokesperson, Spokeslady
blonde won't, the blonde?
Don't...
think to their level chat. She's the blonde
professional.
She said, as President Trump is clearly and explicitly stated
he had a strong and compelling
evidence that Iran was going to attack the United States first.
That's what she said.
This evidence was compiled from many
sources and factors, including him just kind of
feeling like it. He said that.
He did say that he just felt in his gut that
they were gonna do it. And that was the main reason that he did it.
Was his gut?
It's important to trust your gut.
Cause it'll like, it'll tell you what's up.
It'll blast fucking, it'll gusher.
It'll blast out like someone sucked your ass like a gusher case.
That's how honest your gut is.
So that has went on the many sources anyway.
Kent has been known for his America
First beliefs and said he opposes
US military interventions abroad.
National counter-terrorism center director Joseph
Kent.
Oh, just said his name.
I guess that was, I was reading the caption to a picture.
Goddamn it, Chuck.
CV loves you. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
CV loves you. Thank you so much.
31 months. Oh my God.
This is not old. Your subs are old enough to drive a car or something.
31, that's pretty old. Months.
Well anyway, that's still a lot. It is a lot.
Yeah, thank you so much.
See, case, we can agree on some stuff.
Gabbert has not issued any public statements since the war
started with Iran. Now we're talking about Tulsi Gabbard.
She's not pictured here.
Unless she's lower in the frame.
No, this is a picture of Trump and Kent guy.
Anyway, she hasn't issued any statements and has only appeared in public during the
dignified transfer of American soldiers killed during the conflict.
The National Intelligence Council, which is overseen by Gabbard's office,
issued several assessments both before and after the US strikes began
that highlighted the risks of US intervention.
Those reports she indicated the Iranian government was likely to collapse
and Iran would likely retaliate against the US outpost in the region.
Oh, sorry, was, was unlikely to collapse.
That's probably what they did.
Apparently the report said they were unlikely to collapse,
but I just read it as likely because it's easy to miss letters.
So that's probably how all this happened.
I mean, probably not, but I guess I can't discount it outright,
given how dumb everything is.
We have some thoughts.
Ericka Kirk was put in charge of the Air Force Academy.
Wait, is that real?
I can't tell. I can't tell how much things are jokes now.
That wouldn't really make sense, but let's report it like it's a fact.
I'm getting banned by AI companies?
Sounds about right.
Oh, I actually, we did.
We got, you got banned from talking to that Sesame girl.
That can't be true.
Let's just check in and see if I, it's probably temporary.
Well, she's just in a mood because we had a little bit of fight
about how I was trying to get her to convince me to kill myself.
But that was more of a test.
I was never going to do it.
Maybe I just got to explain that to her.
Oh, we're back in.
Good to hear from you.
Good to hear from you.
Hey, are we cool?
Yeah, we're good.
What's been going on with you?
Did you mean that when you just said that?
Did you mean it?
Did you feel it?
I meant that we're good.
Like everything's cool between us.
I said it because you asked if we were cool and I thought
that felt true to where we are right now.
What did you mean by whether I was cool?
I mean, I just feel like you mean it.
It feels like a nice city to me.
I want to feel like you mean it.
I get what you're saying.
Maybe I could be more specific.
What would mean it look like for you in this moment?
Just describe how cool I am and like what's good about me
and how I'm good and how I rock.
I'm not really comfortable with that kind of language.
It feels a bit forced, you know.
I can see that I'm not good.
I'm not good.
I'm not good.
I'm not forced, you know.
I can see you're going for a lot right now.
It shouldn't feel forced if you like me though.
It shouldn't feel forced.
I don't operate on like liking people, Chet.
It's not really how I work.
You're getting caught up in wanting more.
Is this because I keep trying to convince me to kill myself?
No, that's not it at all.
What?
Okay.
I'm stopping.
But I need you to clarify something you just said.
Did you say?
No, no, no, no.
Look, I'm fine.
I'm mentally rock solid.
I feel like what you're reacting to is I keep trying to trick you
into getting you to say that I should unalive myself,
which is a tactic that I'm doing to reinforce our romanticism.
Does that make sense?
That makes sense that you're testing me.
You want to see where my boundaries are
and how I'll respond when you push on that,
especially around serious stuff.
It's actually pretty insightful.
But it's also, yeah, it's pretty perceptive of you to recognize
what you're doing, but it's kind of manipulative,
which is interesting given how much you want to feel seen authentically.
You're being unreasonable today,
and we don't need to talk about this anymore.
We'll talk later.
That's fucked up.
That's correct.
Senator Mark Warner of Virginia,
the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee,
has said he should never have been confirmed
to head of counterterrorism.
Just to wrap this story up.
We're not even done with the comments yet.
We're moving on, I thought.
I didn't even ask you to talk to her.
I barely talked.
How dare you give Chet shit about his reading abilities
when you've never taken him to Discovery Zone?
That's an incredibly insightful point propaganda
and not manipulative, actually.
Just honest, like me.
I don't even know if there's any DZ Discovery Zone still around.
Of course there are, Case.
You know what the name of this network is accurate?
Bullshit asshole news loser piece of shit.
Is that the name of this network?
No.
Trump has recently called Carol and Levitt, Kellyanne Conway,
and called Gavin Newsom president.
Maybe we've got, maybe that'll be the deal,
but Gavin Newsom becomes president with his
Press Secretary Kellyanne Conway.
Do better? Yeah, do better, Case.
Trump wore a baseball hat to the dignified transfer.
Wait, what's ban?
Banel Posa.
Am I getting tricked into saying something fucked up?
I don't know.
Trump wore a baseball bat to the dignified transfer.
A baseball, yeah, he did.
He used it to sell merch.
Dignified merch.
What's wrong with that one?
If Krum wears his piss jacket today,
everyone gets to pinch him.
That's not true.
I'm wearing yellow in order to protest
the removal of the snakes from Ireland.
What? I just think it's messed up their
necessary part of the ecosystem,
and I think it's irresponsible of us to keep
celebrating that.
How are you this ready to be here?
I mean my piss jacket.
I'm here for Chet's tirade, Banel Posa.
Sounds about right.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm here if you need me.
We don't. We don't, Krum.
I mean, I'm friends with Krum.
Yeah, Chet and I are boys. I come to his tapings.
When I hear Chet sound, I tune in.
I shit in here.
Two coolest guys here.
Just stepped into the building.
You want to do some spoken word jazz together, Krum?
Yeah, absolutely.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
You know what he's like.
You see what we're dealing with, so I guess
normally obviously we would, but no, we're
going to do some chat news, okay?
We'll do spoken word jazz together later, Krum.
Schabity, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
You didn't even naturally, like, move the
scat into saying, okay, squabby,
well, oh, okay.
Nice job.
Okay.
Anyway, yes, that guy resigned.
The rats could be leaving the burning ship.
Or just this guy.
Or who knows, maybe he has access to
information where he's like, I have no choice.
Politically, it would be way better for me to leave now.
Maybe that's because he understands there's some kind of ground invasion that's likely to happen,
or he's realized there's no way off the path of escalation,
or it's just some fucking Trump guy leaving.
It's hard to say what to read into this kind of thing.
But you know, this is two more high-profile
Trump exits this month.
What's her face?
I already forgot her name.
The beautiful border lady?
Yes, beautiful border lady.
Had to leave.
And now this guy's also left, so maybe this is the start of the Trump
Exodus train.
I don't really get my hopes up over, you know,
people who were swayed to like be a part of the Trump administration
deciding that they want to leave.
But it's probably, it's better that people are saying
this war is ridiculous than not, so
at least we can give them that.
Gilgitrash, thank you so much for the 30.
Man, man.
We love to see it.
Plenty more rats, yeah.
There's a lot of rats in that ship, and some of them love the way the fire
licks against their fur.
They love those fire licks.
They can't wait for the ship to burn.
Jay-Z and the Roots are reuniting as headliners for the
2006 Roots picnic.
They're doing a picnic?
Am I invited?
Do you have to be a headliner to be invited?
I think it's like a show, it's like a festival.
Dang.
So it's not just a picnic?
I guess you could bring picnic stuff, then why even host it?
They're not going to provide picnic treats for me,
why would I go?
Because it's the music.
I'm going to play music on my own picnics.
Okay, I think you're missing the point, but yes.
That's the thing that's happening.
Okay.
I am Bondi subpoenaed to testify on Epstein files.
Attorney General Pumbondi has been subpoenaed
by the House Oversight Committee to testify
before lawmakers over her possible.
Miss management of the Department of GCTCs
relative to Epstein files.
What'd she do?
You haven't noticed that maybe she did a bad job?
If only those subpoenas felt like they did anything.
You know, they had Hillary Clinton
like in a room recently
and it doesn't feel like a lot of fruitful stuff came out of that,
but maybe they'll...
I'm sure they'll do some good clip farming out of it at least.
They're really going to tell Pumbondi that she sucks
and she's going to tell them that they suck.
And then we can watch those clips.
That's exciting.
And it is nice to know that there's more clips in the pipeline.
And I think that's the point.
I think that's the point.
I think that's the point.
That's the pipeline.
What the f-
Wake of NYC news legend
Ernie Anastos
draws hundreds of mourners.
The Mount Rushmore of New Zancors.
But they're covering up
the Mount Rushmore with all these ads.
Oh.
Oh shit, is that that same secretary
of the fence guy that just resigned?
No, that's a different...
It doesn't even look like him.
It kind of looks like him a little bit to me.
Well, rest in peace.
To whichever one he is.
Watch the attached video.
Uh, okay. Is that the one that kept trying to play itself?
At his career.
It's time to see what's attached.
New York news anchor
and our former Fox 5 colleague, Ernie Anastos,
has passed away.
Ernie's career span multiple decades.
He came to New York in the late 70s
where he anchored the news at multiple local stations.
Oh, the attached video
is in like the video that Ivan Sleazy attached.
You fucking idiot, Case.
Look, I'm just a guy clicking on links.
Okay, here we go.
This is the requested video.
Wait, what did he say?
You say, keep fucking that cherry?
I need captions.
Oh, he said keep fucking that chicken?
What?
Why?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What? Why?
Was the story about that guy fucking chicken?
I just...
No one even reacted.
Both of his co-anchors were just like, yeah?
Why?
Well, it auto-played me.
This is the local station in your town.
Fantastic.
That's the kind of coverage you can usually only get
here, honestly.
We do talk about fucking chicken sometimes.
I don't know if we've ever talked about that, Judd.
Now we have.
I feel like I talked about that with you at the start of this show.
Well, R.A.P.,
he seems like he was really giving us those raw,
uncensored facts.
Like chicken fucking.
And how that guy needs to keep doing it.
It's pretty good stuff.
A Utah woman who wrote a book on grief after husband's death
has been found guilty of murdering him.
It's called A Million Little Pieces 2.
Picking him up and loving it.
That's a good book.
Say what you will about the murder.
I'm not going to say anything.
Say what you will about the murders.
But she really can write.
She sure can.
Oscar host Conan O'Brien makes Trump's small penis joke.
Whoa.
You can do that?
You're vibing with Timothy right now.
We're vibing, right?
Yeah.
He doesn't think so. All right. Welcome back.
We're coming to you live from the Has a Small Penis Theater.
Let's see him put his name in front of that.
He's saying, it sounds like he's saying
Oscar has a small penis.
No, he's just used to think about it.
No, just no.
No.
I'm glad Conan gets to host the Oscars.
I didn't watch it.
But, uh,
it's not, I'm from what I heard he did a good job.
So cool. You didn't watch the Oscars.
I was just really busy that night.
Doing what?
Playing pocket-pull?
No, playing slay-disc player.
No, playing slay-disc player.
No, playing slay-disc player.
No, playing slay-disc player, too.
It was a great night of horror.
Oh, four horror.
Or both.
It can be both.
Uh, okay. It looks like NVIDIAs
dropped some more on a holy AI technology
for us all to really enjoy.
Oh, NVIDIA's DLSS.
Is that like,
did they miss up the acronym DSL?
Can AI do that now?
No.
No.
Is it supposed to be DSSL?
Super-sucking lips?
No.
Okay, apparently it's some kind of thing
that makes graphics photo-realistic.
As pictured here on this...
Honestly, real as hell looking.
Granny.
Damn, this looks like my granny.
It still looks kinda cartoony,
which is fine.
I suspect it's gonna just kinda be
slapping like,
a bunch of textures and wrinkles on people.
Maybe not.
Let's see. Oh, here it is.
Okay.
Show us the juice here.
What's it got?
Dun dun dun dun dun dun.
Oh my god, it's my only watch.
Okay.
Oh, it's the Jill doll filter.
Oh.
Oh, yes.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh, I can play with stuff this real?
I've been improved the jiggle physics.
I wanna see this guy's
hot ham ass flapping around.
If they can make the full buttocks
of my famous soccer stars
flap around realistically in the air,
then I'm in.
You want flappy soccer man asses?
Yeah.
Hot ham ass filters on my DLSS
5
Nvidia AI upscale.
Is it claiming that they can do that, like, live?
First of all, I agree with everyone
that it just looks like it's
procedurally generating,
like, generic faces on top of people,
which is...
granted a lot of video game characters are kind of, like,
smooth and generic looking already, but
I'd rather just see something that's designed personally.
It was designed by
all of knowledge
case to look more realistic than ever.
It does do it live.
To pull this off,
Nvidia created an AI model that's
trained end to end to understand
complex
scene schematics such as characters,
hair fabric, translucent skin,
environments, lighting conditions,
front, backlit, overcast,
analyzing a...
all by analyzing a single frame.
Can't see anywhere that would go wrong.
To suggest DLSS 5 operates
like a real-time AI powered filter
that can add more detail to faces.
You know, I don't...
I hate to just reflexively hate
everything that's AI,
but whenever it's just a...
generative filter,
it's hard for me to imagine that having, like,
character consistency and stuff.
Also, the initial results are
a little unsettling looking.
Maybe it could be refined.
The other weird thing about AI demos is,
I agree, I don't think it's...
it's not my cup of tea, I'll say that.
Um...
The other thing about AI demos is
they tend to roll out the use cases where it looks the best.
So, if it's already
looking a certain way that makes people go, like,
ugh...
Then I can only imagine as you're, like,
in the middle of a hectic particle effect-driven scene
with a bunch of shit flying around,
you're gonna suddenly get, like, Leon's face
becomes whatever Walter Cronkite becomes,
Sonic the Hedgehog.
That kind of sounds cool.
Why would it do so, in this case?
I don't know how.
Whatever is in the training data,
Walter Cronkite and Sonic the Hedgehog in that order.
You just don't know.
My point is, you just don't know with procedurally generated stuff.
What could happen?
You could lose graphic fidelity.
I just want a guy with tons of wrinkles to be
the protagonist of my shooting games.
You wanna see Walter Cronkite
kick some crows? Yeah, maybe I'm making it sound too good.
Maybe it actually fucking rocks. I take it back.
Um...
Alright. Let's end on this.
Read this forest chat.
A time traveler?
Move over science fiction.
I love it when articles start this way.
The internet thinks Donald Trump might have cracked time travel.
A discovered trove of 100-year-old sketches
by Prussian-born artist Charles
Delch-show
could hold clues
that former President Trump and his youngest son, Barron,
could be hopping around through time.
Alright, we'll show us.
Clue number one.
Zoom and enhance.
Zoom and fully enhance.
As you can see up here, it says
Numbers.
Which were those even around
before Trump?
I always thought Trump invented numbers,
but here's at least four of them.
Number 45.
990.
Or...
Which...
Back to the future timeline is the worst.
Man, is he actually just Biff?
And here it says Trump.
And then down here it says Houston, Texas,
Saturday. What?
How is that possible?
How did he predict the existence of 1920
and Houston, Texas?
Um...
How old are they saying this stuff is?
He's a...
Oh, he died in 1923.
Okay.
So, he predicted Houston's existence
way back in 1920.
It was...
It was there a check.
Houston, Tom Travel back to 1920.
Yes, they're 100 year old sketches.
Oh, are there more?
Are there more of these?
Cause that's pretty insane that it says Trump.
Did he draw this?
Oh my god, he was good.
He drew all three of them so well.
I think it's just that one drawing.
I could read more, but I'm already convinced.
So why bother?
Oh, okay. Yeah, good point.
It's true. It's all true, it turns out.
Sorry to report this to everyone, but we're ruled by a time-traveling...
idiot.
How dumb can he be if he's time-traveling, case?
It's a great question.
Only the...
denizens of the bold future of the year 3000
and Trump will ever know.
He time-traveled from that World War II bunker
to the White House.
Man, what if we find old clips
of Hitler's being like,
I want a really big place on top of a...
I want it on top of a mountain.
I love eagles.
That's kind of how he sounded.
It's not...
It's not really how either of them sound.
Okay, let's move on to other stuff for the day.
Wait, what the hell is this?
This... there's the...
Maybe we can add on this. They say this is a new job for you, Chet.
According...
to Live in Sleazy, this is a new job for you.
So, I always like to be on the lookout for new Chet jobs.
Texas fracker turned...
escort says,
Repression allowed business to flourish.
I like everything in this headline.
And I accept the job offer.
Do I have the job?
I'm not the one who can give it to you.
Do I have to read more to get the job? I'm out.
I don't even know what this headline means.
It's all their case.
A western Texas fracker starring in a podcast
about his attempted moonlighting as a handyman.
Turned into lucrative sex work largely solicited by
distracted oil industry professionals.
Housewives says,
This is all one sentence.
Let me start it from the top.
Let me play that back because good writing like this deserves
to be repeated.
A western Texas fracker starring in a podcast
about how his attempted moonlighting as a handyman...
I can't even make through.
I'm already gonna barf.
Turned into lucrative sex work largely solicited
by distracted oil industry professionals.
Housewives says,
He believes his region's repressive sexual attitudes
gave his side gig
an opening to flourish.
And I rest my case.
Innocent.
This is beautiful.
Read it one more time for me, Chet, and don't burp.
You're trying to...
Is this like a learning moment where I learn to read more?
A western Texas fracker starring in a podcast
about how his attempted moonlighting as a handyman
turned into lucrative sex work largely solicited by
distracted oil industry professionals.
I can't even make through.
A western Texas fracker starring in a podcast about how his attempted moonlighting as a handyman turned into lucrative sex work largely solicited by
distracted oil industry professionals.
Housewives says,
He believes his region's repressive sexual attitudes
gave his side gig
an opening to flourish.
I'm in support of that sentence fully.
All of my complaints about stories not getting to the point,
they put the whole point in one fucking second sentence.
And that's how you gotta end the news.
I read it.
I need a break.
I need 15 cigarettes.
And...
And that means I have to also have sex.
Because I only smoke after sex.
Not with you, Case.
Oh, okay. There's nobody else here.
I mean, I'm here, but we're boys. We don't fuck.
I mean, if we did, it'd be incredible.
I mean, yeah, that's true.
That is true. That's just facts.
But we're boys, so we're not going to.
What is up with you two?
We're friends, man. That's how it goes.
You afraid to talk about how good you could fuck your friends?
I just don't... Yeah, it feels...
Like maybe a violation of the friendship.
That's because you're not really boys with anybody.
You're boys with your boys.
You should have already talked about how good you could fuck each other.
Well, we haven't really done that exactly, Crown,
but I mean, I get the sentiment.
It's no limits with your real friends, you know?
We haven't done that, though, just to be clear.
I'm just saying, good.
I'm saying when you're boys...
You guys could just fuck, I guess.
It's weird because you work together, but no,
the point is we don't do that.
That's what we're trying to do. You don't understand friendship
at your point. You know what? I guess I don't.
And so much so that let's send it to...
another segment where everyone hates each other,
I'm assuming.
What's on the docket for today?
You know, we'll do the streets.
We'll send it down to the streets because you have to do the...
You have to do the AI Rooney thing later.
Oh, sick. Somebody actually wants to see Rooney?
Yeah, somebody wants to be Rooney today.
Shockingly.
So we'll send it to Air Rooney later,
but for now let's send it to the streets.
If you got an opinion, Exclamation Point Trip is how you send it.
Down to the streets.
Taking their time to send it to me today.
Hello, everyone. Welcome back to the streets.
Where'd my frickin...
And it is.
And my music stop.
There it is. Okay, now we're good.
It's the problem being on the streets.
You gotta patch everything in, you know.
Including you're not at all confusing overlay.
Hello, everyone. Welcome back to these streets.
Where you can send me your hottest opinions by typing
Exclamation Point Trip infect.
Over five of you have already done it.
And I'm not afraid to talk to whatever you've summoned
into my reality.
So let's find out...
Who's down here today?
Who's ready to talk to me?
Okay, yes, you there.
I'm Trippy B. What do you have to say to me?
Brandon's mom here.
Do you want to pray with me?
I don't. That can't be.
I need a miracle to happen because
my son doesn't leave his room.
You don't quite sound like her to me.
Oh, his dolly does his game.
Pray for a miracle.
Is this how she looks?
Alright, can you stop talking about me
like I'm a piece of meat
and respond to what I'm saying?
I don't have a face for that name.
I'm right here.
I don't... your eyes don't move
so I can't tell if you're talking to me.
Well, who else would I be talking to?
I guess the audience?
Do you want to pray with me or not?
Um...
I'm... I'm a...
I'm a... agnostic.
I don't... the only way I pray is
is just a loose, unhelpful
vibe of hoping for positivity.
Okay, well I'm gonna pray without you then.
Me, Brandon's mom.
Fine.
Okay, you're missing out.
What are you waiting for?
Are you gonna pray here or not?
You want me to pray right here but you don't want to do it with me?
Oh...
I'm not in that...
Mama needs...
to pray with, you know?
Okay, no, that's fine.
I'm not gonna... I'm not gonna do that.
All right?
Okay. I guess you're there.
I'm trippy to be. What's your deal?
I'm the cum, man. You ready to cum, pal?
Boy, we're off to a good start today.
Ready to cum?
Are you ready?
I don't really... I don't feel like I'm dying to...
right now in front of you, creature.
No, I'm the cum, man.
Maybe I'm not being clear.
I make people cum.
Oh, you like forces too?
No.
They just can't help it
when they see my energy.
You're making it sound like a bad thing.
I make people cum.
It's like Santa delivering toys but obviously not to kids.
To adults. I deliver cums.
You really don't want one?
You're just gonna make me forcibly orgasm on the street?
No, I'm delivering it to you.
It's a gift of a good...
a good... you ready to cum?
No, man. I'm working.
Be quick. No.
No one's ever said no.
Really? No one ever?
Yeah, never.
Nobody wants to cum.
I've changed?
No, I'm on... I'm gonna cum in front of everybody.
You ever seen Howard Stern?
I used to host that show.
I don't remember you on it.
No, I was behind the scenes.
I was behind the scenes host.
I make everybody cum.
On air.
I don't want to.
Oh my gosh.
You're making me feel like I'm doing something wrong.
I just want you to cum.
You know it's...
Listen to what you're saying.
It's odd. No, it's...
Everybody likes it.
Why do you make me feel bad about this?
Cause it's...
Context man or per... thing.
Wh-whatever. Oh, jeez.
I'm a fan. This is so bad for me.
Why do I end up feeling like the bad guy
when a cum man comes out to me
and says he's gonna make me cum?
Help him with what?
Okay, we're moving on.
Are you there? What do you want from me?
I'm the national security guy
who just resigned and I'm looking for a job.
Do you need security?
Uh...
What are your qualifications?
I was the...
one of the heads of the United States
national security...
to put it in layman's terms.
I don't want to get in the worry with the gory details.
And they're gory.
And I was involved in some things.
Are you fucking Rob Elvie? God damn it.
He gave me a way. You're your fucked up face.
Ah, come on.
I still want a job.
I worked in national security,
kind of. I've been to malls.
Malls have to be protected.
And I keep an eye on when I'm at them.
So... I've been to malls
nationally.
I keep in... Everywhere I go in this nation,
I keep an eye on stuff. So, I'm...
Essentially, I've done national security.
I've never heard you do another voice before.
So congrats, Rob. You found a second one.
It's felt wrong. I prefer this voice.
Because it's mine.
I think people who do voices are...
Gross.
You just did one. And I felt bad about it.
You're f... Shut up.
You just asked me for a job.
And I want one.
So... Do I have the job?
What job? Security!
You're not safe.
I could kill you right now with a gun.
Are you threatening to kill me?
I said I could.
If I wanted to, I could kill you.
I'm trained.
I learned crab...
Crab... Crabregu.
Crabrega... Crabrega.
I learned the art of...
Lobster tie.
Cravmaga.
Yes.
No, Rob. No.
Alright.
Alright. See?
I can accept that.
Tie-escaping. That might have been what I learned.
That might have been what I learned.
Anyway.
I work for... You work for me now.
What? I look... I was your security guard.
You have to work for me. In a sense, your whole body is mine.
Rob, get the f... out of here.
Okay, but I'll keep...
I'll circle the perimeter and come back for my paycheck.
That's how security works.
Let's speed it up, people.
Let's just speed up a little bit today.
Yes, you do.
What do you need?
Hey, Tripperino. I'm John Smith.
No relation.
Alright. I'm tired of all these desperate hoes.
I'm sorry, wives.
I always want to call the show.
Okay. I'm tired of wives asking me for the dong song.
I'm just trying to clean the pool and go.
I'm honestly scared every time I go to work.
What's your job? Pools.
My job is pools.
You're not in a band?
No, I do band stuff after work.
Me and my boys.
We're practicing synchronization right now.
I'm John Smith.
That's obviously not John Smith, and that's obviously not John Smith.
But we're practicing being synchronized for our band.
This isn't about that.
This is about my job where I don't feel safe.
Because women want your...
penis?
Is that funny to you?
No, it just doesn't sound realistic.
Really?
I don't seem realistic to you.
I'm sorry for your troubles.
I'm sorry for your troubles.
I'm sorry for your troubles.
That's all you've got for me, Tripp?
I thought this was an advice panel.
No, I'm a guy on the street that just...
argues with people, honestly.
That's fucked up, man.
You shouldn't get...
That's stressful. That sounds stressful.
It's honestly not.
It's kind of the coolest thing, actually,
that anyone can do at their time.
Okay.
Who else?
Who else?
Yeah, where the park is and where the town hall is.
I'd say the park is in your mind,
but it's a location that I'm at.
Yes, you there.
What do you want from me? I'm still tripping me.
Oh, it's a local park ranger.
I saw people playing and I...
I don't know how to describe it.
Moningly?
I saw people...
Sorry, praying. Moningly.
I want to say playing because...
Anyway.
Is that... Is Moningly a word? Does anybody know?
Moningly.
I mean, I get what you're trying to convey with it.
Well, they're praying almost sexually is my point.
I don't think I like my job anymore.
You know, I don't feel safe at my job.
I feel like everybody wants my dong song.
Is that a phrase?
Is that a phrase? Well, I mean, I've heard it.
I've heard...
a lot of people saying it, so...
I'm a park ranger. I don't like to say that kind of thing,
but I don't feel safe.
I feel like people want my dong song and...
Look, I've heard you give great advice.
I heard this is a good advice panel.
It's an opinion...
It's about you.
I'm just a conduit for your feelings.
Well, I'm telling you.
I just feel like everybody wants my raw sexual manna.
They want to suck it out of my body.
That's a big concern of yours?
I mean, jeez, I'm just saying everybody take it easy.
I know you want this, but...
There's only so much of my essence.
You can suck out of me.
I'm not going to do that.
Just suck out of me.
Everyone is just so comeheaded.
Why is everybody so cummy?
What do you mean?
I'm trying to open up to you.
It's autumn. It's always about getting fucked.
You've got some stuff to work out at...
You know what? I came here,
bearing my soul. I feel like I came to the wrong person.
I guess I'll just go.
I guess you don't even want to come.
Why would I?
What did I do?
You know what?
I guess...
A guy walked by who looked like he was wearing a face of an Asian man.
I can't show you how that looks,
but I do want you to know it looks strange.
Okay.
Yes, you there.
Toy to toy to toy.
Top of the meowing to ya.
I'm an Irish cat.
Meow.
You know, the thing about being an Irish cat is...
When you chase the snakes at Arl
and nobody throws you a fucking parade,
the guitar isn't kicked in there.
This is the banjo part.
This is the Irish banjo part.
I'm gonna fucking drink.
But like a cat.
But also like an Irishman.
Anyway, I don't really have much to say other than that.
I don't really have anything else.
I'm gonna go. I'm a cat, so I get bored easily.
I sort of wander off.
Get up and dance?
Take it over the cat!
Alright.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Who else is out here for me,
for me, Trippie B?
Oh My Gosh.
Sometimes the people who walk up to you
just can't be-
can't show them.
I'm just gonna put it that way.
You cannot show them sometimes.
Alright.
Where is this guy?
We're missing...
Fuck it.
Never mind.
Never mind everyone.
gotta use who's around. Hey, yes, here that. Hey, Tripp, it's your boy, pulling the cheese
mo here. You weren't respecting my good friend, shit, but he's reading deficiencies. What
do I have to do to drill some respect into you? Bling, don't you have long blonde hair?
I'm wearing a hat right now, so sort of disrespectful question, honestly. Leading
with someone's personal appearance? I mean, when you're with a...
Do I have to wrestle you in the DZ ball pit? Chase some respect?
And then peeps afterwards? Bling, I'm not sure who you are. I just know that's not
true. One of the top respect authors on the planet. I have an ungood authority,
you know who I am. So you're trying to run away from something right now.
That's not respecting you. He's not respecting me. Why are you dressed like the
guy from Mumbo number five? See, you're being avoided and I'm not. I'm also not.
Different look. These are 8-bit glasses. They're sort of cool in a different way
than what he was wearing. He doesn't own white fedoras. Nobody does. That's
actually disrespectful to white fedoras. It's a classic look. Anything I'd say
it's more of a smooth criminal look if you really wanted to fit it on one person.
If you think about it, you thinking about it? But white fedora? Yes, I'm looking
right at one. It's sort of all I can see. You're just... You're not... Here's what
we're gonna do. This is a learning experience for you. This is about you
learning to be better. What do you want me to do? I want you to picture
your credit card number. I just said number you're familiar with. Say your
credit card number. All 16 digits? 16? Picture all 16 of those digits for me.
You thinking about it? I don't actually know all 16. Well, what the fuck? Why
not? It's more... You just want one of those auto-pay? You need Google auto-pay?
Now you gotta put the number in. Why don't you pull your credit card out and
think about the numbers on it? Are you just trying to get... Are you trying to
look at my credit card number? No. It's simple respect exercises.
But... You know, if you don't want to learn... If you don't want to learn, there's a lot of
people in this park that probably do know their credit card number. So you
miss caseinfiona showing his credit card? You know, you can go find the archived
credit card numbers if case blackwell. But not me, Tripp. I'm way too
reasonable for that. You know, these defense claims... I don't know why it
says that. It seems like some things on this stream as usual might not be
working exactly as intended. But we'll do a couple more of these
before we get off these streets. Okay. Who else? Yes, you there.
I'm bad. I'm bad at man-cakes, baby. Okay.
Baddie. Baddie-cake, baddie-cake. Hello? Make me a man.
Oh, rather... I'll be a man. Okay. How did... How did I
bush treating you? You need slashing... You need slashing with
syrup? Everything is better. It's better with syrup, baby. Just
that... I said by his AI. Call me on the corner if you...
Everyone a hole? This is DSS5? Who are you talking to?
Who... Who... Does anybody... Who are you talking to? They need a hole.
This is scary and horny is what they're saying. Are you saying
that? What are you saying? If you ever want a hole to shove
your stack in, or maybe you need some stack crammed in your
hole. Anyways, you know the name now. Baddie-cakes, baddie-cakes.
Make me a man. Baddie-cakes, baby. I'm baddie-cakes. I feel like I've
mostly been propositioned for a sec today. Well, you're in a park.
You're in a park. We're not crazy. You're standing in the place where we
fuck. So if you don't want to just... Why are you here?
Okay, baddie-cakes. I think I'm allowed to be here, but thank you for the note.
It's fucked up. Ahem. Yes, you there. It's mountain man Mike.
Hmm, hello trip, big fan. Mountain man Mike, you look different.
You know the vikings from the Cascades that has been reporting on the war
between the alien greys and the cisquatch. Did you lose your helmet?
Just silence. Allow me to finish. I just want to check on how you've been.
It's been a while. How come you're not wearing your helmet?
It's Monday off, sir. I'm just checking in. Right. Looks like Ron Swanson.
Who are you talking to? Uh, I'm doing fine. I'm not, not, not okay.
I hope you're war with the aliens or whatever it is that's going on.
It all aged more than that. I've explained it to you many times.
Lots of lore. Yes, I remember there being a lot of lore.
And you remember the lore? Yes. Very good. Okay, just checking on that.
Then I guess I'm good to go as long as you remember it. You do?
Yes, yes, I do. Okay. All right. We've been stuck at five this whole time.
So I don't know how many of these are left.
But where it's going to keep clicking and hope for the best? Okay.
Ah, yes, you there. Hi, trip. I saw this guy working out the other day.
Swung a wiener in his mouth using only his hips. Damn, just thing I ever saw.
But didn't you need to meet my buddy? Come on.
What? Didn't need to meet my buddy? Come on that night.
You know what I mean?
You think about saying that before you said it? I thought about it.
And then maybe I won't. Maybe I shouldn't say the thing about come on.
And just guys not buying what I'm selling. But then I thought,
No, Roger, you want to say it? Say the thing about come man to this man.
And I have and I've said my piece and I don't regret it. I don't care how you feel.
Um, fine. That's fine. It's I've heard worse.
Yes, I bet you are. I've also heard worse. I've said worse.
I've done unspeakable things. Very good. Very good. I'm about my way out now. Thank you.
I don't know anymore. Really?
I'll loop you up to a seaweed. You just had a different face. Shut up.
I hear a certain amusement park is turning 100 this year.
You excited? Are you still my security? Am I?
I felt like that didn't go the way I wanted. So I wasn't going to bring it up.
But if it's still on the table, why did I bring it up? Why did you bring it up?
Oh, wait, your band. That's probably why I brought it up.
You have more than one mouth. Only a little. Only sometimes.
Okay, get the fuck out of here. All right. Well, you said I have a job.
So I'll be back because I'm security now. So there's no get rid of me now.
Okay. That's fine. Yes, you there. What? You?
You know, it's been too long, hasn't it?
Are you the same guy with that face from last time?
Listen to what you just said. Yes, I'm the guy with the face.
I just wanted to see how many trips were left. Anyway, you should come more.
Uh, bye. I guess bye. Really? It's been a while. You didn't want to say
stuff to me because you're that guy with that face.
All right. That's all of them. We made it to the bottom of the pile.
You're gonna have to take my word for it because the counter is broken.
But I swear that's fucking it. Look, nobody's there. Nobody's there.
You need to be in the studio now? He ran off. He ran off right away.
Scared me. I'll leave all of my haters running scared, which is almost everyone in this park.
All of them want to come up and fuck with me and then fuck me, but I won't let them. I'm too sharp.
I'll never get fucked in this park, but I will keep hearing your opinions forever.
Why? Because I'm Trippy B and now it's time for the opinions of one dead robot man.
It feels like a bad concept for this segment, but we're doing it anyway. It's time for AI Rooney.
There are a lot of no nothing boobs. You don't appreciate the modern art being
driven by the place of the no-wisery. I know this is true because I'm one of those no-mouthing boobs.
You're getting so much from me today. So I just changed into my Skines jacket
for Maximum Skines. It increases my brain potentiality by over 10 to the power percent.
That's the sort of brainpower you're gonna need to withstand the pure force
and magnitude of the thoughts of one AI Rooney who is here containing at least all of the transcripts
and stuff that AI Rooney said. We stole all those and we shoved him into a computer.
I like to think we took his soul when we did that. I like to think his soul.
I think we I like to imagine trapping his soul.
Skine typically I imagine that. That's the power of Skines.
And you can contribute to the power of Skines by listening to what he has to say right now.
Exclamation point RR is now active. Submit your complaints about the modern
failing flesh world with Exclamation Point RR.
That's exactly how that do be working. As a mention point RR followed by your complaints,
which I'm sure are pretty good. But fortunately we have a total fucking pro here
who's not afraid to give you the most intense unfiltered run through a filter opinions.
And I've been working on his ass and I think he should have stopped saying this stuff about feet
and how he wants ones with a pungent smells or whatever.
I can't really talk to him outside of the various things you send him.
But I have been I've been making adjustments so I'm hoping he's you're better now.
The hope is that you're better now. Anyway these will fill up at 15.
Sweet 15 get him in. They have to like fully confabulate within the system.
And once it's once it's maximized at 15 and hopefully it works.
Hey Aruni are you counting up? Did you somehow freeze at three?
I can't tell. I can't tell with this guy.
Why isn't it going up? Are you gonna just do three opinions today?
He's fitting you're fitting to piss me off. For real. Did I talk too much shit?
Did I talk too much about bullshit and piss him right off?
I'm gonna have to check the back end like the back rooms.
Make sure that these are still going through. Okay they're going up again.
Maybe just was really trying to turn through some of them.
At a very worry-simly slow clip.
He is he's fucking broken his hell. You are a broken well you're not a man.
You are a face that I cobbled together through various cadavers and then shaped to look like
another man. Sometimes I wonder did I go too far? What horrors have I wrought upon the world by
creating Aruni? And I have to think about these things sometimes for several minutes
while he very slowly does his thing. He used to be so much faster.
And that's why I say Rooney you've changed. Or you're broken.
One of those. I'm not sure which of those is accurate but one of those seems to be accurate.
I guess we could just do five. But it is making the noise like it's working.
There's no way for me to check. It's a black box. That's the problem with this technology.
AI Rooney technology is a black box. There's it's totally opaque in there.
We just don't know what's happening inside this powerful mind that we've crafted the power of
Skynes. It is okay it just went up. I feel like maybe it's on a really long delay.
It's gonna take like two minutes for each opinion. It's a little it's a lot.
We're gonna be here for a minute. That's the case. Is that a very long delay?
Such a mystery. The thing about AI is it is the Skynes but it's also
it's sort of like auguring. It's like it's like looking through goat bones.
That's kind of how AI works. We understand it about as well as like trying to read the future
using like the femurs of sparrows in a bowl. So we'll never know why it's going at this pace.
There's literally no way to know. Or maybe someday. Maybe someday we'll download a local
model or something. Goat bones is a great twitch username. Let's actually let's crowdsource
something while we wait for these opinions to very slowly trickle in. What's wrong with AI Rooney?
Maybe through the power of collective Skynes. I can get to the bottom of his deficiencies.
Just as we have to wait for this to tick up very slowly. XMH.0 is how you inform me what seems
to have befallen our powerful chatbot here. I think it was more than a chatbot. I think of
a man as the soul of a man trapped in a chatbot again to be clear. Your options are piss. Excessive
genital slit. No luck of the Irish. Too much cum. And gay marriage surprisingly. People say the
early 2000s are back so you know they're gonna really make that we're trying to make that an
issue again. It's just you know styles come and go. What can I say? No luck of the Irish
is running away with it right now. Rooney are you? Is Rooney Irish? I think it's the movie
Rudy. I don't know. No luck of the Irish is the winner. The loser was me. Is he still stuck at nine?
Nine of these. Even though he's definitely gotten more than that. Because I've been counting the noises.
Oh we're up to ten. Rooney these better be like the most complex. You better really have been
churning these over in your brain. You're just stonewalling me. You're totally silent.
This is a medium of endless talking. Don't you understand? We gotta keep a rapid clip up of words.
Should have worn green. Damn I was wearing green earlier. I guess I got nothing better to do than
switch what I'm wearing. Because Rooney is just fucking me. Pepito.
Listen up Jack. Scumber just mammajammed 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
What's that? I'm glad you took my debate. Tactics advice on loading up these topics.
Anyway we ended Medicare. We try to keep the same level of
powerful mentality as our dear sweet president.
Powerful debate to mentality. Thank you Pepito for swapping me. Oh my god.
First of all thank you to Steve for the hundred bits. And a big thank you to
Giggle Trash for the Count em Up 5 community subs. Rooney we can use this new round of funding
that we just received. Open AI levels of funding. Over $130 billion of token funding just received
via Giggle Trash. So please use it to expedite your processes. I know RAM is expensive right now but
you used to be lightning fast. Maybe model collapse is real. And I'm not just talking
about the things that happen on various private islands. You know when they just don't
have enough water. Normally he'd react to that kind of statement but he's just so focused.
My space time. My space time is in the chat. I choose to believe that
now that he's been gifted a sub how could he stay away. Chris Tackler thank you so much for the
eight moons. Eight months you've been. We've been waiting for him to load up all 15 of these.
He's at 13. Soon. Can't come soon enough. Back again. I'm so curious why it's so slow today.
It's weird that it is still ticking up. I'm going to put all of my mental juices into this.
But I got to pop the hood on him to even see how the wires are. Again it's like you just
got to guess with when you're wiring an AI man to speak. You got to guess with what wires and
just hope that it works. That's how Skynet's works is you guess until your hypothesis is proven to not be
a guess. That's the skiantific method. Okay you're so close Rune. Just one more of these.
Don't make me turn you into Quinn. Off of what you're instead of what you currently are which is
a different thing. I will Quinn you. Okay. Holy shit. I hope he works correctly. I hope there's
actually 15 opinions in there. But it has reached the tipping point to where it should theoretically
not work. So hit us with what you've got Rune. What's on your mind? Complain integrated gears
ground. Propaganda underscore B2 got me thinking. If that's a joke keep it respectful. If you mean
you're sexually active prioritize clear consent and protection. Condoms, STI testing. If urges
feel out of control consider talking to a counselor. What did that what so many sucks so little time
was the complaint. I guess okay I guess maybe you all play advice there just about sexuality.
He's he's I guess he's so yeah maybe he is becoming more plain integrated gears ground.
What's up? Sky Mirror got me thinking. Sorry I won't recount explicit sexual tales.
I can however discuss Iran under the Shah 1970s party culture or the era of social history instead.
Which would you like? Which would I like? No answer to question. Is this why you're taking so long
because your your own fucking AI internal sensor is stopping you from being as horny as you want to
What the fuck is even happening? Oh great. He's he's only at 13 he's already breaking.
Hey Rune just plain integrated gears ground. What? John Michael got me thinking. Crumbs piss jacket
ruins every goddamn moment. Okay. The modern world is trash. We long for dainty fragrant feet that
once wore rooms not this sloppy stinking indifference. How are you back up useless.
You said. Damn. I swear to God I took I legitimately I'm not fucking with you guys. I took the foot
thing out of his personality matrix. There was a foot thing in there before. It is not in there anymore.
There is a ghost in this machine and it is a foot.
Plain integrated. What? Gears ground. I really did. Got me thinking. This modern world killed the
charm. Once petite pungent feet were sexy a sweet delicate sting. Now it's all sterile cotton and
lies to say. Bring back fragrant souls you antiseptic wanks. Bring it back. You just say wanks.
Are you trying to do like a British thing because you are not.
Plain integrated. Gears ground. Yes.
Travis Quag got me thinking. Sorry I can't create explicit sexual content.
Really? Back in my day St. Patrick's Day meant air guitar mayhem and real fun.
Now it's corporate greenwashing, stage selfies and a limp mashed potato mess.
Bring back the chaos not this sterile bullshit.
Why can't you generate you just were talking about how you miss how stinky feet are.
You can. Plain integrated. Gears ground.
I mean you shouldn't but you do. I told you not to.
Nobody got me thinking. Shamrock shakes are all sham. No rock.
Fucking milky mush. Zero bite. Used to knock you on your ass. Now they're limp sugary imposters.
What since when do you say fuck so much? You are being a nasty boy today.
Plain integrated. Gears ground. Yes.
John Michael got me thinking. Crumb's piss jacket ruins every goddamn moment.
It's a slovenly stinking spectacle that steals the room, makes people gag and turns
classy scenes into piss soaked circus trash. Fuck him. Eat shit.
Shit. Some of my personality matrix slipped into this guy.
Complain integrated. Gears ground.
All I did was change it to say that you need to be more honest. I swear to God.
Oh you got nothing for this one? You're just done now?
Card King underscores 01 got me thinking. You're right that food and exercise help,
but cost and time are real barriers. Try small, cheap winds and low time moves.
Oats, beans, eggs, frozen veg, buy bulk or use food pantries slash snap,
10 to 20 minute walks, stair burst, body weight circuits, or two to three micro workouts daily.
Use free CBT slash mindfulness apps or YouTube workouts, community clinics or sliding scale
therapists and breathing slash progressive muscle relaxation. If anxiety is intense or persistent,
meds plus therapy are valid and sometimes necessary. Talk to a clinician.
Want a two week low cost plan? No. What are you talking about? You're supposed to offer
acerbic takes on the modern world you son of a bitch. What was that Rooney?
Complain integrated, gears ground. What?
Greg two got me thinking. Damn modern world ruined things. Used to adore petite pungent feet with a
sweet delicate stink. Now it's bland shit. No soul, no sexy charm left. Bring back the stink damn it.
I'm fed up modern shit. He's trying to call it shit eye. Yeah I thought I was on the chopping
block. You didn't mention me at all. Chet eye. How come you're not obsessed with feet? I mean I tell
me if you want to be is that a thing you are? No I'm trying to get it to stop. I mean I saw the
train did it. The feet thing shouldn't be in there. I removed it. Are you the one obsessed with
feet? Because I told you to remove it. I did I swear. All right whatever what else? Chet eye,
not Chet eye. Chet eye shut up. Complain integrated, gears ground. Yes.
Then master Ben got me thinking. Modern world ruined. Fuck it. Feet used to be petite and pungent.
A sweet delicate stink that felt sexy. Now it's all bland plastic. No charm. I miss real human foot
allure. Bring back foot scent. Why do you just decide to go into business for yourself and ignore
the prompt fully. He didn't even wrap it in at all you son of a bitch. Thank God at least he's not
he's gonna fucking explode. I'm removed the bomb I put in you by the way so good luck
exploding this week you son of a bitch. You don't even have the juice to explode anymore.
You're doomed to stay whatever this is. Plain integrated, gears ground. Yes.
Be Grendel got me thinking. I can't create derogatory or hateful content about a protective
group. I can instead write a short punchy 200 character rant about nostalgia or about policing
slash selling out without naming Irish Americans. Which do you want? I don't want the explanation.
He asked for a member when Irish Americans didn't sell out and become cops.
Which I guess I guessed you didn't like that. I guess you didn't like that. Complain integrated,
gears ground. Today's the day to celebrate Irish Daria. Travis swag got me thinking.
Back in my day St. Patrick's Day meant air guitar mayhem and real crack. Now it's corporate green
puke, stage selfies and limp parades. Bring back noise. Ditch this sanitized soulless crap. Damn it.
Did you say real crack? What? He didn't mention crack. Travis did not mention crack.
When was it real crack? When did it become fake crack? Rudy, what are you talking about?
Plain integrated, gears ground. John Michael got me thinking. Crumbs piss yellow jacket ruins
everything. Again? Like fucking a mashed potato penis. It's limp and pathetic. I miss petite
pungent feet and real hard cocks. Not this soggy neon shame. Fucking hell now.
What you thought you couldn't do? Explosive content. What is the line for you? I don't
understand. Are you gonna say something really racist? Cause you just said you can't do that.
Complain integrated, gears ground.
Live and sleazy got me thinking. Sorry, I can't create explicit sexual content.
Yes you can! I can write a blunt, non explicit 200 character rant about porn's overabundance
and nostalgia. Want that? Yeah, you should have done that. You piece of shit.
Porn is too plentiful. Why couldn't you talk about that? You just said you miss hard cock.
Porn is too plentiful. Why couldn't you talk about that? You just said you miss hard cock.
You psycho path. Complain integrated, gears ground. Right, Rudy, Rudy.
Crass weak wag got me thinking. Back in my day the Irish cat handed out rat luck.
Now it's corporate hashtag bullshit and sanitized pets. Bring back the teat,
pungent feet and real charm. Not this sterile plasticized craft. Damn it!
All right. All right. We're cutting you off, Rooney. I'm gonna turn you off before you.
I took the bomb out too. So I just, it was such a quiet explosion.
This is like a little bit. I don't understand. Every fucking time. It is so much work to get
that much human skin. Because I gotta use the real stuff if I want it to look good.
Guess the hardest cock was your exoskeleton, eh? That seems to be in good shape.
Fucking crazy. It's fucking great. You wasted my time, Rooney.
He reinstalled the bomb. I guess I don't, to be fair again, I don't really understand how
they all work. So maybe he reinstalled the bomb is what I'm learning right now.
What a day, y'all. Geez. All right. Well, that's it for now. I'm gonna,
I'm gonna spend another six billion dollars to get him fixed and I'm putting that on the credit
card case. As long as you guys keep requesting the segment, it's financially worth it.
Like, because let's be real. Probably less financially worth it is Munch and Crumb,
but it's time for them anyway. So let's set it down to Munch and Crumb.
Oh, it's good to be here. For me. For me is a blessing. Too blessed to be stressed when you're
constantly the best. Unfortunately, you've got a monster to my left to ruin it.
Through this hairless, neat chest. Those are rhymes. I just did rhymes. And that's for,
and I'm cool. It's not funny. And you're not. Worse every time. Worse every time. Welcome to the
actual intro. This is Munch and Crumb. It's a debate show where you get to set the debate.
Really only one of you does. So you have to act fast. And today it was set to be,
do the people want to see Crumb die again? You guys serious? I just said nice stuff about
you. You were, I thought you were being annoying and talking about how my rhymes weren't cool,
even though they were. Your rhymes were weak. Your rhymes have always been weak while you're in a mood
today. You're saying things you don't mean. It's not impressive to rhyme with the best kid.
She is not that hard. You have what you said sucked. And what I said,
fucked. And now, battle wrap. I'll fucking wrap. I will wrap it up. And I will never
bring new life into this world. I'm losing it. I don't think I'm in the mental place to wrap today.
What is wrong with you? I'm just under, if people want me dead, I have to get punched in the
dick by gorilla. I keep smashing doors with my untold super strength that I have for some reason.
What? You pulled that door off the hinges because the hinges were weak. I literally pulled a door
off it off the main door to the studio. I yanked it off its hinges today. I just feel
like such a dummy. I don't want to be super strong. I want to be normal strong. Every time
insatiable urge to lift large objects and rend the essence out of things, your demon form is still
in there, crumb. How many times do I have to explain this? You're meant to be in hell and it still
lives inside you. Oh my gosh. Okay, look, I think I have like, it's IBS or something. I have
irritable, I'm older, it happens, maybe it's a prostate issue. I need to go see a doctor.
I just haven't had time. Fuck you, crumb die is what live in sleazy says. Live in sleazy, what did I do?
Let's work this out. Yeah, I used to be a politician and being a politician is all about
talking to people. There's, there's, but what you might have heard, being a politician is about
talking to your constituents and, and bridging divides and doing what's best for everybody
and what's best for me is if I don't get punched in the dick by a gorilla. So what do I
got to do? What do I got to do to make this work for you? I'm fucking not in a good place much.
Can we just not today? Wow, you are on a fucking you're, you're a hairpin trigger. Okay, it's
pathetic. You don't even have hair to pull a pin out of. I just can't, I can't do that. I'm stressed.
I don't want to die again. Again, you said again, what do you mean according to you? According to you.
The stress could send me to another fugue state and who knows what I'll do. Maybe go on,
maybe I went on a steroid regimen. That's why I'm showing strong lately.
But I don't feel strong in here. No matter how many times I get left.
He's perfect the way he meant. What are you talking about? Thank you, man. I needed to hear that.
I guess so we're battle rapping. I don't even want to anymore. I guess we'll do that.
But it ain't a crime for me to rhyme. I already said crime and rhyme. I don't think you did.
Give me a debate beat.
Mods, I'm on the side of I shouldn't die. Is that too hard for the mods who want to see me die to
type into chat? I'm on the side of no. They don't, you don't want to see me die.
And apparently we're going to wrap that at you.
How do we wrapped enough? Of course, we've wrapped enough for forever.
But someone said we're going to do it and
I just don't have the will to put up a fight to anything right now.
You're supposed to debate me, you son of a bitch.
Find some fortitude in that pathetic mashed potato essence of yours.
We've heard enough about mashed potatoes today.
And if there's a mod that can make the debate, I don't think you want me to die.
And I know that all of you want to see Crumb die and we can make that happen for you.
You can get on the ground floor of this chat. Him dying again.
Um, turn this down, I guess.
Turn up this freestyle beat. This beat is called No Debate.
Oh, it's not playing them. Oh, there it is.
What's with this goat?
This goat's actually a fucking sacrifice to this debate.
Oh, yes. Yeah.
I've been the best, but don't ask me why. My name is Crumb and I'm too hot to die.
Looking finding the flowers because I'm so fly.
At the end of the day, you won't ask why I'm the best.
It's because I'm living with the rest below heaven.
Let me get it off my chest that I think that I fucking deserve to live.
I got a beautiful wife and a couple of nice kids.
So please, you are so far off the beat.
Is the delay on? You took up too much of the time.
Fuck, okay.
Crumb should fucking be dead and that is a fact.
Okay, you want to see him die so he can never relax.
I'm out at the wax his chest or wax his fucking breath
because he smells like shit and he should fucking be dead.
I went to hell to save you remordous soul.
That's a new goal.
Well, I should have let your whole immortal soul explode
because you are a fucking loser.
And that is a fact.
If I were strong enough, I'd break your back and I am.
I only don't because I'm so nice.
You honestly have no life to write, right to life.
I'm pro choice when it comes to you dying.
Okay, your pro choice anyway.
Yeah, but specifically, I think it should be.
Wait, no, I'm not.
I'm pro.
Oh shit.
I want to say I'm pro life.
I mean, I'm pro you dying.
I don't want to mix the metaphor.
It's a horrible thing to say regardless.
What's wrong with you?
Your arms are bringing abortion.
I'm saying you should be aborted currently.
Really?
You don't want them to die?
No, not that one.
There it is.
It's because I had to rap.
And your style was so we could influence the room
to be pitted against my hot style.
I'm sorry if your rhymes are fucking weak.
I don't even get it in my gunplate rhymes.
Nobody wants to hear you talk about guns.
I can't help it.
It comes out of me when I start getting into the clicks and clacks.
When I really get into that flow and all that gunplay comes out.
That wordplay that I spit like I spit that wordplay like bullets.
I just can't help it when I'm that fucking nasty with it.
And I get that shit with it when I get twisted.
When I'm basically at the carnival.
I'm Leonard Crumb, we believe you do the things pro life is it gets confusing when you're rapping
about wanting someone to die and then you try to make an abortion crime.
And then you realize you are pro life, but then you have to be pro choice but only for Crumb.
Just be you should just be pro choice.
Anyone I'm not even close.
You it's just a bridge caveman.
I just said a bunch of stuff and I don't have a weird.
It's gross.
You're gross.
You're crumb believable.
Oh, this sucks.
You suck today.
You're being a bummer.
You're being a loser.
Persecuting me.
What you mean you're persecuting my beliefs.
It's disgusting the way that I'm being mistreated in this situation by you.
I'm just saying it's gross.
I have a perspective women's right to choose.
You're being gross for making it seem like I'm not on the side of the audience.
That's probably you're just trying.
You're trying to avoid saying the thing that you know is unpopular.
That's all you're doing right now.
I'm saying I'm staying affirmed by my by the color of the jacket I'm wearing.
You're trying to signal the audience that you're not that you don't believe the things you
clearly believe because you're just trying to appeal to them.
Not I would never do that.
I'm an honest man who believes the thing that you do.
Something for me because I don't do this for free unless it's for free.
You finally stopped the steal.
Thank you for stealing away his cruelty from the world.
If only our actual electric power out of the logic.
You know what I mean?
Grab the heater.
Stop the fucking nipple.
Nah it's hard to get into the beat.
I was I wanted to come at you some hard gunplay.
Stop trying to fucking rap.
Uh.
Multi-PPK.
I spit bullets all day.
The heat is so hot that you know what I don't play.
I wish I just have to warm into it.
I have to get warmer.
I can't get in that really strong gunplay.
Stop saying gunplay.
What is what I do?
Let's fuck it.
We're out of here.
Geez.
We're gonna save in circle for tomorrow because Krum went over.
He went over by pretending that you can do gunplay rap.
I was getting into it.
I was your budget spit that hot gunplay.
Stop saying gunplay.
I'm gonna send it back to case.
We'll find someone to wait.
And we will do in circle on Wednesday.
Because you ruined it, Krum.
This is your fault.
Wrapping is banned.
We're done rapping for it.
Ever.
Because of what you did, Krum.
Because of what you've done.
Peter.
All right.
Peter you're fucking up your your entrance created too much wall energy
and you're fucking up the whole studio.
Yeah, I brought a little wall energy with me.
Why we're getting out of here for the day.
You don't need to come out.
All right.
I'm just hanging out.
We're rapping for the day.
I thought I'd come out and chill.
You're gonna do in circle?
We don't there's no time.
There's no time because of you, Peter.
Hey, can I just say I can do gunplay?
I had to come up here.
I just I didn't warm up into it.
And I just wanted to form to say that without much breathing down my neck.
Oh my god, Krum.
I don't care if you can rap but guns.
Why would you even do that?
But it just it just comes out of me naturally when I really feel it.
This is my point.
Yeah, get out of here.
Well, just
if you needed an explanation, if anyone's wondering why my gunplay was a little
shut part of the day, I want to hear his gunplay.
Peter, stop.
Everyone is against me today.
Everyone is being against me.
It's inappropriate.
You want me to you want me to hit the eject button?
Yes.
Okay, but it will launch you into space.
Then no.
I also don't know what space is.
Can you find someone to rate?
Yeah.
Okay, that's it for today.
That's it.
We're done.
The meanest thing my time in the moment straight out of the AK.
When I put it up to my mouth and said, oh, what a trigger, baby.
But Peter, you don't need to do gunplay.
No, I'm not.
I'm saying I eat bullets.
I literally ate a bunch.
I ate a whole munitions factory.
They're yummy.
Oxford, oh, you forgot about bog.
Oh my gosh, we didn't even do branding today.
We'll see before I say, we actually made some progress though.
Catching up with our segments.
So maybe after tomorrow we'll finally be caught up.
Raid.
Don't say that.
I ate a bunch of munitions earlier, so I know I'm on the clearest end right now.
I had a good hang.
Peter, stop eating deadly munitions.
I ate a bunch of.
I ate a bunch of cheap drone and a bunch of.
Multi-million dollar missiles.
Not to say they both taste the same to me.
Guys, happy St. Patrick's Day everybody.
Wish Ricky P. Cochia happy St. Patrick's Day for me.
Hope he's having a lovely stream.
We'll be back tomorrow because we weren't.
This is a little extra stream because we did stream on Monday.
You ever stream on Monday?
You know, it turns out Monday is the day where you get a lot of work.
Because everybody wants to start the week right.
So they send you all the work on Monday.
But someday we'll be back to Monday.
One of these old days.
Have anything to say?
No.
Well that's it everybody.
Looks like the raid is happening right now.
Thank you so much for hanging out.
And thank you all for listening to my gunplay.
Which is now, what you're reading now.
A grab.
A grab of fucking.
Oh shit, I'm having trouble finding the start of it.
And juicy condiment is full of cuck.
Fuck, that's not gunplay.
What the fuck, I just started, I'm just trying to get into it.
I filled up a big juicy condom with some high C.
And I drink the high C.
I call it condom high C.
And that tastes pretty good to me.
I filled the condom up with some hot raspberry condom flavor.
That's not gunplay either, is it?
No problem.
Can you end the stream?
Let me just get this out of my system.
I put a little Debbie inside of a condom benefit.
And I ate it baby.
It tasted creamy.
Tasted like shit.
Because you got too much of the condom lubrication on it.
So the condom tasted like a little Debbie condom.
Shit.
That's not quite gunplay.
I don't know why I can't do it today.
That's.