Shape shifter, thank you so much for supporting these flalings pirate efforts
We're gonna get it
We just got to get good
I've been good. All right, it's just that
Ashley's sending me and he's being really Ashley's being really negative today. He's being so negative. I'm gonna call our Andy
Thanks. I hate some of these guns. I'm blaming the guns and I'm gonna keep blaming the guns
It's not my fault. It's these guns
This is why people say guns are bad because they're bad at shooting. I forgot to reload that could be a problem
That one's my least favorite oh
My god, why is that so hard for me?
No
That seller was begging for it. He said please. I'm so tired of these watching you shoot pirates. Please shoot me
so I did I thought that could be faster and
And and spoiler alert it wasn't what do you have against these innocent homosexuals? I swear they're straight
They're they're obnoxiously straight. I know they don't look like it, but these guys are like
Poxically masculine to the max not like me
Not me famously in touch with my feminine power Leon's got to reload again
That that is so crazy
Also, I'm not going fast enough. Just realized I'm also not going fast enough
You should be okay, but you know we're actually kind of close
We're sort of close, but I haven't made it to the bonus round
Bonus condition destroy all pirates. Oh
Oh, I to get to the bonus I just have to not miss actually well, that's
Good to know I guess it's actually not about going that fast
Maybe it is just like the bonus levels always about going fast, but maybe I've been wrong this whole time. Hey, I
Swear I'd finish reloading. Oh my god. I'm always so bad with that
Then I hit the wrong button every time I
Hate this
Yeah, why isn't the Navy helping?
Yeah, you know we spare no that's actually a CIA pump-up track is the bongos
We kidnap the best bongo players in the world and we lock them in a cell
We make them bongo 20 hours a day until they're dead
Call it
Bongo rendition. Oh shoot. I shouldn't have told you guys that's sort of a secret. Oh, he's so close
We failed
We failed, but I'm gonna fail in the back half to some is a practice
And I missed one again. Yeah, I don't even know
Yeah, I am having a hard time
How'd you guess? Oh, what the do it for the Beetlejuice
Those are good inspirational words
Okay, those shots were accurate. That's fun for me Leon. I
Hate that gun. I
Should like it too because it shoots so much and I love bullets
That won't do I have to hit them all apparently
The new high score. I like that's supposed to make me feel better. How do you not miss with a shotgun? I don't know
But it's not it's not working for me the shotgun whenever I use it. I'm failing
Ashley
Don't say it when it's not true. Oh my gosh, she keeps talking. She's talking during my backswing
This is pirate golf with bullets and she's talking during my backswing. Thank you currently working. That is the support
I need I'm getting a little negative and I do blame Ashley and none of you. All right. We're getting in the zone
feeling the zone
Hey, we might have hit everything. So if I just nail these
Wait, it's the one
Pirate, oh, that's got to be close. It's got to be pretty close
It can't be missed one one fucker
That's their scientific name by the way. I'm not trying to curse the scientific name for pirate is fucker. I
Think it's Caribbean. Hey, we're gonna restart there. Your dad's a Navy man. Maybe I know
They say, you know what you don't know everybody in the military. I do
For some reason the information it's like it's been implanted in my brain sort of goofed out a little bit
You don't get to pick the load out. They just give you what the merchants cruel like that
He just gives you what you got or cool like that. I think I know you feel
No, I've never even messed that up before
Did I do it?
Started thinking about waffles. I haven't had waffles in
Ever and I want one. I know why I have it actually it'll just take a couple more hours probably
I want to know it's better than usual. I don't know why thank you so much for the follow
Narb Narb brainage
Sorry, I can't read very well cuz I'm my head is so bullet focused right now. It'd be a problem later
Well, I don't think I'm screwed here anyway because I didn't have enough bullets
The the management of bullets here is very tight. It's almost as tight as my haircut look at this thing
Look at his hair
That's the kind of bouncy we'll only get when you use government-approved hair product
Hey, hey, what the heck?
That guy jump right in front of that bullet. That was crazy
Big fan of your work of my work. Thank you. I feel like I'm an artist with these bullets
All right, that's it. I'm taking out my aggression
Wait a minute. Oh no, someone's dad was a Navy man
Those were all
Those were all shoulder wounds. They're fine. That was a those were warning shots and they were actually ducking them
It's never coming home. Oh my god. Well, it's not my fault. It's not my fault
Those weren't your dad. Those are other guys and that aren't cool. Hey, that felt faster. Although. I'm not even sure that matters
Free purple hearts. I'll take one. Can I pick up a couple purple hearts at the store?
Love that for me. I have been grievously wounded a lot today else. I will say that. Thank you so much
I will I will read your name after this actually so that I don't butcher it again
So close to being that terrible
Damn, and I missed it. I get those. I can't even tell. I think I didn't
Damn, I am getting getting slightly better
You are getting slightly better Leon. I think at this
Ooh, there's a knock at the door of the CIA one second. Whoo. This is hard buying dropping off some memory cards. No big deal
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
All right. Oh my gosh
Is there any TMP left for the second wave of horizontal guys with barrels maybe use the shotgun for the dogs?
Yeah, maybe I if the barrels take too many shots
I think for the machine gun, which is when we watch that video of the person
S-ing this or whatever super S-ing it
That's why I think they use the shotgun there. I could possibly like I could possibly use the shotgun to
Just get rid of the barrels and then switch
Maybe I should do that. I'm getting worse
Can Papito play with his little paws? Absolutely. Let me
Let me grab him real quick
Think Papito might be the motivation that Leon actually needs for this. So that's a it's honestly a good idea
Yeah, I mean, I'm having to help
I'm a CIA dog as well. So
Sort of like a fire houses have Dalmatians
CIA has me. I'm so what he did wrong nearly on what he did wrong was he
Didn't hit the thing you wanted to so try hitting the thing you want to
And you did the thing you did there was the same thing again
You missed the thing and then you shot the guy. So don't do that. Yeah
I am a CIA puppy. I was actually also um
The first bush is pet name for all of his all of his little subordinates. He called us a puppy
shoot
That's what they do. Yeah, and I don't think that's gonna work buddy. You can blow it
Yeah, we you blew it. You gotta restart. Oh my gosh
You were fiddling around you got that little with your little hands
I understand a little pause there is flopping around, but you're a human. You can't be doing that kind of stuff
You shut that guy. Okay. It's kind of fun though. It's fun that you keep shooting those guys
I mean if you want to do that, you really hate sailors. I
Kind of get it. I don't like boats
always like
I'd you put your gun down at a mouse right across your foot. Are you having another mouse problem?
You missed the thing you wanted to get it coming. I need to keep seeing the same advice, but just shoot it. That's your bad
No, oh no, we have your nose. It's not good. He's getting upset. I'm upset. Oh my god
I gotta be nicer. You're doing great
You're a hero. People love you. You should have hit that, but people love you. Just keep going, I guess
You need to restore your confidence
That won't work
What's happening here is I'm saying this with respect. You gotta do just do better
The sailors are kind of being really aggressive today. I will definitely on that
Oh, there you go
You're good again. I swear. There you go. You're back in the zone
Back on top
We're doing finally
Just relax. Listen to my relaxing voice and relax. You missed the thing though
That's it's not fine, but it's fine. You missed those guys too. What you should have done there is hit those guys and you did miss them
Now you're not shooting and that's probably not ideal because you need to shoot the guy. You did it, but it took a really long time
You shot him too, but weird. Oh, that seems, I guess it doesn't work
Let's
Review, let's review some game footage. Kayce, can you review some game footage?
Yeah, we'll review some game footage really quick. Maybe we're missing something and
By the power of cheating we will
We'll learn how to do it
RE4
4-re4 shooting game final perfect
4C. Okay, here we go. I should just pretend this is Leon playing and then we can be done with this, but I
Gotta be honest with you guys. This is not gonna be Leon playing. This is a different thing
This is Prima games
Okay, he's Prima gaming pretty hard. Hey, that's what I've been doing. Hey, he's a little bit better at that, too
I'll give him that. Oh, okay. Okay. So he had some of the issues I have
Reloading try a reddit video. Okay, man is fast. Okay. Oh, he does reload there interesting. All right
So I got a reload there probably
He doesn't zoom in all the way. Maybe that's maybe that's that next level tech
Okay, I think he's getting a little lucky here, too. Oh, he switched to that. Interesting. All right. Oh, he doesn't give a shit about all of those
Chaser chests. He's even reloading. That seems not ideal
Maybe if you can make it to the final thing you just went was that perfect was that even perfect?
I guess it was perfect
seemed perfect to me
perfect and beautiful
Okay, well, um, we learned some lessons there
So now we try again
May just be a brute force thing. There were a couple he reloaded the gun in that one spot. I've been watching
Oh, I know. All right. Nice. He also had captions on when Ashley spoke her words willed him to victory that could be smart
Leon
We're on Spanish captions for Ashley. Oh, you're so loaded up, baby
We got this
You can't do that
You can't do that
You shot the you shot the one guy that you can't shoot
That was the general of the Navy. Okay. Well, just keep practicing because you keep shooting all those little pirates in the sky
Pirates in the sky. I can play twice as high
You're suiting semen. He really is
I got so bad at that. Oh, you actually got that
You know my that plus hitting everything we'll get us there. This is an early one
Like I hated you. Okay, you missed a lot, but maybe it does not matter. I don't know
Yeah
Okay, so you guys switch the machine gun for the second run if I was to go to the right
That's the thing you got to remember to do
Okay
You've got to stand up
No, you're gonna die
Damn
I won't do
Well, you know the end of the disaster but the rest was fine. Yeah, it was a disaster. Hmm
Hmm, what's the fuck? It's all starting to look the same to me. They're all just starting to look like things for Leon to shoot
That was better than usual
She's a 9500 points at the reload. Wow. Okay. Well, I guess we do at least
Boop, but we failed
Yeah
Brutal it's a brutal challenge
I just got to be better
Like I can't do that. I can't miss there the first shot. Okay
these
Hit the pirates in the sky. Oh
My god
That was definitely my fault. I got a reload there. Holy on pull the freaking gun out
I'm not sure if speed matters. It might not do it. That's the that's the worst part for me
It's where I am worst at this couldn't help the coke up
Hmm, maybe you're on something
Maybe you're on to something shape-shift
Might be against switch to us. You're like, I'm a little better at that part at least now the machine gun part specifically there
Yeah, that's true. I could these could be met. I could be snorting medicines on stream a
Medicine snorting stream. Oh my god once you miss one is just over there. You know what usually a little wrist rest
Maybe if I take the wrist rest off my accuracy will go through the roof
So far not true, but you know, whatever
Yeah, all right. Good. Yeah. Oh, that's such a remember to reload there. Yeah, that's an even kind of the hit
But I'm just say there's one more shooting gallery
Oh my god, no, I mean, yes, I mean what I meant to say is
Hell yeah, hell yeah
There's another one we're gonna finish this game for another year. Yeah, why can't there be a kicking gallery? Oh
Boy, oh take a break. That probably smart. I feel like I'm gonna get it today. I mean, you know, I'm not getting it currently
I'm literally missing the first shot, but I'm feel like I'm feel like we're getting there
Why can't I hit that anymore? I don't know why I reloaded there. I'm amazed I didn't hit any of the sailors
That's that's some impressive shooting from Leanna miss all those sellers
This is the next 24 hour stream
Unintentionally got it just bad boys for life that shit just have them shoot wildly into the air. Oh
boy bad boys for life
Got to reload
Yes, the fucking shotgun a palooza. I don't know if that's better there to switch even
I'm not gonna switch to the machine gun like the other guy does it doesn't feel necessary
Whoopsie
Yeah, and stand up those pirates still miss one, but we're just gonna practice
I'm sitting reload again heading. Oh, I actually hit all those for once
Yeah, I know I know
You should talk more merchant
You reload faster in crouch position good point. It's all tactical. All of this has been tactical
This three-hour stream of this one challenge is a tactical stream
You admire but don't tell Leanna. I can't give him a big head right now. I need him to
This needs to be a Rudy story. He needs to come back from behind
No reload
Nope Leont Leont no, no it still did it but very slowly. Oh, I think we would have gotten it
Yeah, I think we only missed one. Oh, maybe we missed more than one because that wasn't even our high score
Nope, we did just we literally don't leave us one
Farts 99 out of 100 maybe that means we've just done exactly that before
It's not perfect
Whoa
Do that sometimes it's gotta not miss that one target
damn
Miss one it really does. This is just wondering he's got to be perfect
Bruce green sending the huge raid my way. Oops. I picked the wrong one Bruce. Hope you had a great stream
Thank you so much for the raid
We're playing 2024's hottest game Resident Evil 4
To kill all the pirates
Cool and you thanks for the follow
pull up my
There it is
Report turret. Thank you for the follow
You're following me into the darkness that is trying to do this challenge perfectly
Beetle Bruce
Say it three times. Can I make Bruce appear here if I say Beetle Bruce Beetle Bruce Beetle Bruce
That's actually how I got him to raid me as I said that three times
Leon should welcome the raiders Leon's being rude. I apologize
Yes, obviously
You're in the presence of excellence now
I'm gonna show you just how good I am by definitely not missing this first shot
Okay, I missed the first shot, but that's cuz that I'm joking with you
I'm joking with you. I'm actually an incredible. I'm an incredible guy. It's saving the president's daughter
She's literally right behind me. That means I'm 90% of the way there and I did miss that again
But it's cuz I'm talking because I'm being so social
Otherwise, I never miss
If you've ever seen the movie daredevil, that's basically me. I'm Colin Farrell in that
Just so you know
Yeah, these pirates are having a pretty bad day because of me
Frick pirates. Oh
That felt nice. Let's go, Florida. I'll take it. Yeah, Florida
Bring it on Florida
No, I'm not afraid of no Florida. Please pirates come to me
Eat your end. Oh, I blew it. I did blow it there. Fortunately. I blew it
And I also blew it there. Sorry guys, he's
Emotional right now because he's been doing this for an hour and a half
I'd have to take the FL
Florida loss
Leon is greater than the bullseye. When Leon misses it's cuz the bullet was destined for other things
That's just how good he is
Please. Oh shoot. I fucking forgot what I was doing entirely
It's fine. It's part of it. He's uh, just win
Colin Farrell
The Colin Firth bullseye character
I'm bullseye
Yes, oh we missed again. Unfortunately, we do have to be perfect
Eating this is already a fail. I think that doesn't count either. I also forgot to reload. It's that guy
Oh my gosh, okay
No
Yeah, no
No, Leon
Colin Farrell wouldn't have missed. That's true. It's true
I can't deny it. Leon just do better at the game. I'm doing
My bestest at the game. Ashley, do you need to
Why are you sitting like this? This can't be comfortable. You do realize I'm not looking at you
The seductive pose is unnecessary
Who says she's sitting seductively Leon? That's you
Assuming that that might just be the best way for her to set for her back. That is not tactical sitting
That is not tactical sitting. I sit tactically
I've trained for this
Yes, get some oopsie forgot what I was doing again
All right. Now we're now we're cooking now we're cooking. I can feel it
Feeling the bullets hitting their mark
Yes, please. Yes, please. Yes, please. This is crazy
She looks very into shooting ranges. You are you enjoying yourself? You do have the I bought you this huge bottle of wine
and these potatoes
So you got nothing to complain about
You can play with your pirate wheel
Kill the pirates
Kill the pirates
I came down all I'm doing is following what this sign says
I'm not what am I going to do ignore a whole sign? Obviously not. I gotta kill these pirates and I can't miss even one
So I won't this time. I won't
This time will just be really good
These are trick shots. I'm not even zooming in all the way. I kind of blew that a little bit
I think I also might have fully missed one that I had to hit there. I did I did I missed one
The score has got to be 9500. I learned that from a little birdie told me a little birdie. I'm not Casey's brother
Oh my god. See, here's the problem. We didn't read the sign first. That's true
I got to check in with that sign more often. I check in with the sign. I'll be doing fine
I shot Jeff. That's my favorite sailor and I shot him right in the head
He's done. I got to make a new best friend
All right tactical tactical tactical so tactical
Yeah, that's pretty good. That was pretty good
America the beautiful land where pirates die. I think that's her. I think that's the american theme song
To the tv show america
I have a starring role. Oh shoot. I gotta reload this
They saved it
Oh my god, this is
Bad I did bad
Ah
I almost saved it and then I straight didn't
How many times can I do this before I lose my mind? I think the answer was about six ago
Oh, I'm just I'm getting sloppy
I'm getting sloppy and maybe we should play the game a little more
Maybe the answer is to just play the actual game and come back to this mouse. Come on. Okay
Yes, yes
Reload all the guns
You could take our time outside of each cycle of pirate. Maybe you're right
Those ones are hard. Every part of this is just a little hard for me
There's no part where I'm like, I got this unfortunately
Maybe that part that part. I'm feeling more confident. I hit him with the last bullet I had there a very last bullet
You're right. I am too close to give up now only a fool would stop shooting pirates now
Oh, we gotta remember to reload. Okay, two
It's easy. No
Ah my gosh, all right
We relax now and now we relax and I shoot these guys
Hit one
Okay, I think I got him. Okay
Oh my god, that was not my fault. I think I missed one
This mouse the mouse at my foot
The fact that randomly unzooms me is brutal
Anyway, thanks again to bruce green for the raid. Um, this is what I will be doing
Until case is dead
Why until I'm dead
Why me thanks again bruce if anybody's still around
Settle in I keep thinking I'm close to winning and then it's another hour of this. So we'll see how long this actually takes
For instance there
What I did was I missed right away and that does happen. It's been happening
Oh my god, he's got the moves
That pirate really had the moves today
Okay, it's still kind of worked
I maybe I am the pirate maybe I'm becoming a pirate spending too much time with these pirates
I remember to reload. I'm learning the earth is healing. Oh my god, but I hit the wrong button again. Damn
What
Trying a new thing at the end there and it didn't work. I think it mattered because I already missed one
Our flag means death. Yeah
That's the inspiration for this entire. What the hell
Dude the fact my mouse is cutting out is a problem problem. I do not know how to fix
Oh, you're lily on and that one in the back too
Huh, how do I keep missing that?
I keep missing that dynamite
I wish there was a restart instead of a like whole menu system to get back in that would be nice
All right, it's first one by the meds. I'm on
It's all that acutane. I've been doing lately
Quite a bunch of acutane under in my old medicine cabinet. It's like just take it and see what happens
Oh my god
It really feels like I'm shooting it
But I'm not the reality is I'm not it's better the first one than the last one
Ashley we we have enough negativity in this room. Okay being serious now
The fuck I never guessed but I didn't mean to do that
Honestly, it seems fine though. Oh, I forgot to reload. Maybe it doesn't matter. Ah
Oh, let's practice this there as well. Yeah, I'm having a bad day. So he's just over it
Are you serious? Why so are you serious?
Why so are you serious?
Leon is gonna get it. He swears
The thing about this is it's actually easy and I'm tricking you all
Into thinking it's not
So that it's really impressive when I win. It's all a big trick
Maybe did that well that time
I don't know how I got these going. I want to know how I got these scores
Oh, I was feeling it
It's just practice anyway, I guess
Practice makes not perfect turns out
Damn, we missed one though
What can you do?
What can you do panic?
My father was a CIA
My father was a CIA
I love CIA agents. It's a twist. We're serious Ashley
I literally never get tired of her saying it. I love it every time. I hope she never stops
All right, all right, all right. I gotta actually recovered
Incredibly rare recovery moment for me. Oh
Fire one million
Leon
Gotta do okay here. Maybe that does it. Maybe that does it. Oh
Oh
I needed that
Oh, I needed that
Oh, I've been in this basement for months
I just want to thank everybody
Who never stopped believing that all the pirates
Can be killed
Not a one deserves to live
Never forget this is about killing pirates. Sorry my uh salutes in my hair and serving American interests overseas
Which I do with a smile on my face and uh and the pirates
blood
Um a bunch of pirate's bloods all over my whole body shoes stepping in it
Thank you
Thanks proud of you, buddy. Thank you proud of you
I'm proud of me
The sea is safe at last chat
Maybe we just leave those bugs in you Leon. Do we even need I mean I at this point
Why would I take the bugs out? They were with me when I hit that championship shot
I agree. Maybe we just leave the bugs in
I'll I'll check in with Ashley. I'll see if she wants me to leave the bugs in
Thank you so much, uh
Skymer for the for the follow. Let me thank all these follows in subs in case I missed any uh cool and you report turret a bruise
Of course for the raid uh
Bruh wait
Nubarian rage. Okay. I think that's how you say that shape shifter. Thank you so much for the sub and microphone for the 750 bits
We gotta have clementine come in at rap at the end of the stream, but
For now, I think we have to press bravely onward and we also gotta get some some sweet sweet rewards
The real reason we do it
Ashley
You didn't help
but
I'm showing you my knife to show you out of respect. Look how cool my knife is
I when if we get out of here, I'll give you a plastic version of this as a gift
That's how close we are now
How about a magic trick?
Watch me make this pig disappear. There should be joker versions of
There should be a joker version of every like popular archetype joker pirates joker vampires
What kind of childhood did she have?
What the fuck ashley you see how many pirates I just killed
Damn you grew up rough for a president's daughter. That is brutal
Not easy being I mean, you know, if we've learned anything over the last couple years
It's not easy being a president's kid
We took an hour and 30. Yeah, exactly almost no time at all
30% off knife repairs. That's a good looking. That's a good looking trinket
I get knife I can get knife repairs so cheap now next time I'm gonna repair a knife
Well, why not make it now? It's gonna be so cheap
Okay, what's this a 100 health recovery specifically for black bass
In credit all of that was worth it for that
Release her diary and we got to get ashley's diary in the public eye
Plus 50 health recovery for green herbs that actually is pretty good
Why is ashley is actually pretty good
What the hell
Let's get some trash ones
These are all going to be trashed here a chicken is
Full health off all eggs
Why don't we get that
I already have that one
Gotcha games
Can I just buy these can I use real money?
Just buy stuff case you bust out the wallet
You get me the best get me the chicken one
Use your wallet powers
I think we've spent enough time and money on this game already
Besides you're rich you're rich in treasures
I'm not using my treasure money on this you need to use your
witch money
10% health recovery for greeners these suck
Oh, I'm out. I'm out of juice
Ashley you had the best one congratulations
How do I how do I put these on
Look at these little trinkets one different one
Trinkets, please
Maybe I got to do it at a merchant it's possible
Key treasures. Maybe we go and maybe we go to the merchant to do this
I got a brag at him anyway, so get up there come on
Good good Ashley
Don't let the bugs control you and in the elevator
Yeah, I do wish we'd gotten a chicken that would be
That would be prime. I'd be like a bottle of prime
Goods it might interest
You're welcome. It's exciting merchant something new for you
We've got no more
Pesetas that's upsetting
Why can't I just buy some uh, we're not pesetas the spinels there we go
I wish I could just buy spinels molding a weapon to suit your specific needs
Killer seven. Oh shit. Why not try your hand at a new guy? I'll buy that next
I'll save you life
Case. Oh my god. There's a case upgrade and that's me. I gotta get the case up. All right. What do we have to sell?
Oh shit, we don't really have much to sell
We can sell this full health black bass
um
Merchant do for us
Leon with a handgun. I'm gonna sell these. I don't think I'm ever using this thing
I can certainly do something
Oh, can you know I fully upgraded my bolt thrower like an idiot. I think I should just sell it honestly
I don't think we're gonna use it. Maybe I'll hold on to it. I guess why not
Oh, you're right. I could have gone with a black bass build
I blew it
How do I put these guys on my thing
How do I put guys on the thing?
Uh
Under treasures files not the map
Doesn't seem to be in key items
It seems like I should know how to do this. I feel like I did it before
Uh, this slingiest, maybe
No
Or should this is a real conundrum for me
Do I do it at the typewriter?
Uh, oh you do do it at the typewriter
I can have a black case. That's exciting. All right. Um
It's like I can still only have three on
Oh, shit. I do have a chicken. I have a rare ass chicken
Got a bucket and a mop for your rare ass chicken
I guess I should repair my knife
Let's actually do for us. We already have an Ashley. Oh, we can sell an Ashley though. That's exciting
Or I could have two Ashley's
Can you even have two Ashley's?
No, you can't. You can only have one of each
Okay, obviously I want this melee thing
Five percent off weapon upgrades. That seems kind of good
We'll take this and equip it right and repair our little knife and come back
Now we're being practical as hell. Shit. Do I don't even have a knife anymore?
Uh
It's too bad I have taken so much time off playing this game because I've sort of forgotten how it works
Oh, no, there's a broken knife right there
Tune up my knife, man
Repair it
Feeling very stupid and that's probably fair. Repair the fucking knife
Using the tune up section you can pair a combat knife if it's broken and even pay to increase its durability if you can afford it
I can't afford it. Oh, maybe it's in my
Buy something, eh?
All right, okay another question I have. How do I even access my
storage
Press a
Send a storage
Oh, it's all type raider. Okay. Sorry. I swear. It's just because I've been trained by years of
Resident Evil games to expect there to be a little case somewhere
Okay, give me that
Is that all I have in storage?
My storage is is not expensive, but you know what that's fine
All right repair my knife
This is what we killed all these pirates for man
30% off
Ooh, I can upgrade durability
Yeah, let's just spend all of our money on a knife
I don't have a knife forever. Okay, we sell our extra Ashley's
Makes no difference the price. Oh, I can't sell my x-ray. Oh, wait. It's just lower. Where's our Ashley?
There she is
That's our Ashley
So two Don Diego's in case anyone was wondering
Oh, we're so close
Okay, you know what I'll just sell one ruby
What is so one? Yeah, Ashley is a little cheap maximum durability. Boom
Oh shoot, you know what I just did though
I really should have had my merchant upgrade thing on and I did not
All right
Plus melee 40 health recovery for fibers
100% health recovery for eggs. That's pretty funny
Shotgun shells craft bonus frequency. Okay
Definitely don't need this knife repair as well. I guess we can just really maximize our health recovery
You know, we do need to make some of this so maybe we'll just equip you. Oh, I don't have enough
Okay, you know what?
Whatever
First we got bad rewards and I feel bad about it
But I can't shoot you because I love you, dude
Oh, shit. I took this thing
Really can lock a knife through some other mode that upgrades to indestructible
That might be the special upgrade for the knife. Okay, let's load out, baby
merchant gets Leon
He just have a vibe man. He gets my sense of humor
He knows that I love to rhyme and that I love to kill people. What the hell?
Those fucking crows got away
Got him
Got him
Yes
That crow didn't have anything on them
That crow sucked
You didn't have to kill him Leon
You don't have to kill the crows
anything over here
A no, oh
Blue medallions this is on our map. They are on our map. That's exciting
There's one straight ahead of them
Where is it?
Hmm. There are some spooky noises happening, but obviously what's important here is that there's blue medallions around
Maybe I got to get up higher to see that one
this way
Oh, thank you so much
Taking credit for my work again. How could you?
All right. Well, nothing bad is going to be this way. Oh, I can't even open this is a ruby on the stairs
Someone dropped their ruby on the stairs. That's so irresponsible. Can you go up there do it and pull me up? You can't
What's this other way? It's true medallions are a scourge upon the world and they need to be taken out
Oh
I seen it. It's making sure I'm not missing medallions. It's important
This crow did have something had gunpowder
And with the power of that gunpowder, can I craft some rifle ammo that I do kind of need? I can't
Lumber for me. If only I'd killed the other crow
What's up?
Nope
I'm supposed to be sneaking. I'm talking pretty loud. Yeah, quiet down
Yes, what's up stealth
Prepare for stealth
Yeah, that's that's why we that's why we do the knife stuff
See that I was so stealthy
Okay, is that enough gunpowder? Not only of six
Stealth leon, I love to be sneaky
What's up? I'm not here crouch crouch shooty saw me. I forgot how to crouch. That was my undoing
stab
Adam
What's up, man? You think you've got a knee? How's that knee feeling now?
No, how's your neck feeling? Excuse me?
Really buddy?
Really?
That's what I like to do
That's what I like to do. You all right. I care. I care if she's fine. I care. You all right, ashley
She's fine. She's fine
That suplex felt good
Feels good. WrestleMania just happened
The reviews are in and people loved it and in honor of that. I'm going to continue to suplex people
Oh, what's this fucking doing two more of those guys?
I will not let them get away with existing
Doing important work leon
Yeah, ashley could be holding a gun on me ashley
It's a little suggestive of leon
I don't want to
I've been here for like six months
Full of bugs. Can you just can we just call a helicopter?
Like why are we doing it this way? Why does leon need so much money?
I don't want to question the methods, but I just sent some inefficiencies here. He's don't we have guns at home
Couldn't we just send them with more guns?
He doesn't get how the CIA works. It's not her fault. It's all right
Uh
Oh, this way
Leon really does hate boxes too. They're on his shit list
Okay, wait behind leon
Is possibly a medallion it's right there
It's just that easy
Where's the last one?
Over there
Oh my god
The important thing to do right now is to go back to the merchant and rub it in his face that we killed all those medallions
She she'd shoot leon in the head. That's true. She would probably she'd probably mess it up
And leon can only take a couple bullets to the head before he really needs a nerve
Oh, baby, what do we got finally we can trade
I probably should get the treasure island map because I'm I forget everything
Yeah, I am what's on the map that we didn't get
Hmm. Look, there's a treasure right here. We almost missed
This is why we have to purchase the map we can go. Oh, look, we missed a treasure here
It hurts. Honestly, let's not hurt ourselves and look at what we missed
but
Why didn't you buy a map to like get out of here?
Why?
She's got a chill
She's stressing me out
Why wouldn't I buy a map? I need treasure to get out of here. Where the hell though? Where is this treasure?
That's the question everybody wants an answer to
Oh, is it because I shot a crow into this
Ashley, it's right on top of you some. Oh my gosh. Look how sneaky
That's why we gotta buy the map Ashley. Are you get see you're getting it?
Nice
Good work
But we are a little low on bullets
I think Ashley's really huffing here. She doesn't have the CIA training the
Constantly sprint and run up ladders 24-7
Oh
Back into the right
Is it in here? Wait a minute. It seems like it's in here. Oh
Sneaky bastards
In the sense that it would not give me the interact button. All right gunpowder, please
Don't mind if we do
still one short
Of having a little more probably necessary ammo
We might have used way too much ammo earlier when we were fighting all those. How did I miss bullets?
And Leon
I I want those I do want those
I know I'm doing a lot of backtracking
But it's just because you got to be thorough in this business
In this business as I like to say
You know
I don't know he likes to say it like that, but I guess he does
What if leon showed up to the merchant some other guy was buying the stuff to save some prime ministers
It's just a british leon
He could be here. There should be a russian leon
All right, we did it. We frickin did it. Did we miss anything sick? No
I'm gonna say we did
Apparently we're supposed to be careful
Ashley
Fellas
Why won't I shoot this guy? Oh my god. We kicked his head right off
Oh, he had another head
Ashley
Watch out
Okay
Unnice
Damn, I'm kind of bombed sometimes when I um hit the button to aim
It's just not happening which was happening during the pirate thing too. I guess it might be time
Due to my intense gaming I've already broken this mouse
It might be time for another one already
My mouse couldn't withstand one game. Maybe it's how it's how hard I do the news usually
Okay, it says there's a goodie in here. Oh my gosh. They are so sneaky
They on aim. There we go. Velvet blue. That's nothing else
Only victory. Ashley go up something probably
No, is this a puzzle? Is this some kind of puzzle? Oh a door. Okay. Oh stairs
Finally just like that
We have ammo anything else? Kage cosmic corner. Thank you for the follow
Here in honor of Leon's great pirate success today. He's getting a couple follows
I've earned it by killing pirates
No problem. Oh, I see
Okay. Yeah, stay there
I'll what? Oh, yeah, stay there. I'll leave. I won't leave you behind
I actually can't unfortunately
I mean unfortunately, um the job is uh
Uh, you get me
You want her dead? What?
Uh, shoot
That that's not my fault
You've got to admit that that's not my fault. Oopsie. Did I just lose?
What was I supposed to do there?
Um, just try again. I think you can get her just whistle for early on and I think she'll come back
Ashley come back, please
Ashley
Come back, please
She back
Yeah, I got her back. Yeah, I just had to whistle a lot enough
Whistle while you work. All right. Oh, fuck. I said, but then all these guys came back too annoyingly
Excuse me fellas. I have work to do and you don't look that busy. That's a kick. Ouch
I also hung another one of these by the chimney with care
Okay, nailed it
No, we smashed that guy
Okay, so what am I supposed to do? I'm supposed to run over there and shoot. Okay. I get it now
Look, Ashley, I failed you last time. Don't but don't make me whistle for you again. That's so annoying
Ashley
Can you do this shit for me? Baby, please just do this one thing for me. I never ask you for anything
juice
You gotta make the juice
Oh, not that juice
That a juice. All right. I gotta want to have to save
Avaka Trump again
She's way more difficult to deal with than Ashley, honestly
All right. Where is this guy?
That's not the one I want. Where's the that's the gun I want?
Where's the actual gun I want?
Wow, Ashley's having a bad day
Ashley get it together, man. Oh my god
The mice at my feet are being crazy
Where's my okay? There it is. Jesus. No, that's not it
Something's wrong here. You've got to equip this to one of our guys
Guess let's make it. I thought it was four
It is four
Oh, do I just have like some auto? Oh, it's machine guys. All right
Did I take care of it? Can you stand up, please?
Not break time, Ashley
Ashley
Oh, I can drop down
Let me see what's in here while she's not being attacked by
Monster bug guys
Not anymore
Not on not on this guy's watch
This place is a mess and I am gonna clean it up as I go if I if I can and one way to do that shooting rats
Just one of the ways
Okay
Oh, also, I just realized I just could have dropped out
That's the thing I could have done
That's that's too bad. I should have I should have done that
But who's around here now?
What's your deal, man?
You look like you're desperate to get suplexed. Oh, come on
I blew his leg up. That's crazy. No, I'm not. Oh, I am. Sorry. I am
I meant to say I am
Let's try this again. You're good. Okay. I don't know if that's even what we need to do, but
Maybe I'm supposed to unlock this
I didn't okay. Now I get it. I'm doing the kick stuff as hard as I can
Wild card. We're doing good case. How are you doing?
Oh, I'm I'm doing great wild card
I'm letting Leon do most of the work today
All for her. Yeah
With you, dude
Doing the kick stuff
Maybe you should um
If you should just
If you're cool, you'd knife that guy. Oh, you're using a gun
It's 2024 and you're using a gun
All right, if that's how you do that
Me I'm actually kind I did a little thing called training
So I'm sort of pat. Okay fine
Fine
Not bad. I'm just saying you're really taking your time. It's been a couple months since I've seen you
Kind of pathetic if you think about it
I could have gotten through here in
A month tops
Because I also would have probably gotten bored
Oh, that's a kick
That is a kick
But I would have kicked better just to be clear. Yeah, get him guys. What the hell man?
Why are you just looking at her?
I don't understand what we pay these guys for what the
Come on
All right, this guy is my best trained guy
This guy's gonna show you what's up
Oops
Yeah, yeah, I trained him to do that. I said when you're in trouble blow up your head
Fuck. Okay. Now. See he got you. That's why he's my best guy
And you're done for
What the okay, see he's not done. He's in his bug form. Get him bug form
Lucky
You got lucky this time, but we'll see
When I
Show you my bug who's really bugging. Yeah, okay. I got you. I'm crosser
Come on
I forgot that that guy was even in this thing
Too talented for this platform. Well, not at gaming apparently you see how long it took me to do the freaking pirate thing
What are we supposed to be doing?
Yeah, they were basically all three bugs in a trench coat
They should rename this to resident evil three bugs in a trench coat
It actually looks distressed, but we're gonna ignore that
and say
Follow me into the sludge
It's just a little bit of sludge. It's honestly fine
Okay
Smells pretty bad
Um, I was crouching so much earlier
And I've forgotten how to know
See
One of these buttons
Yeah, I'm crouch
You love to crouch earlier
Spread out
Why can't I crouch anymore?
What was I hitting to make myself crouch?
X see it seems like it'd be c control. Yeah, I'm hitting control
Control c
There's gotta be a way um controls
Okay, how do we crouch?
Turn see that
Toggle
What does that mean?
Well, what's the button?
Control c. Oh, it's all right on me. That's me. That's only controlling Ashley
Stick close
Oh control c's how you make a copy of lia
All right, I guess I literally have to google this re4 pc crouch button
Climb, okay, but I don't need to climb
Crouch with e. Oh, it's e
I think I would know that by this point in the game
And I then I did not
And I'm not afraid to admit I did not know that
It felt like when I was panic hitting the wrong button. It was not that button, but I guess it was
It's a goodie ahead. Hmm
That looks Ashley go sleep there
Ashley you relax here. I'll go check out this next room. How do we get back there?
What's the secret Ashley crawl through this sludge leon won't do it
My brain was broken long before the pirates unfortunately
Now it's gone. Now it says there is no treasure
Maybe we got it and I just didn't notice. I was really confused
So
I guess um, whatever the same time. Yeah, oops
Okay, we did a bad job. That's a better job. We go at the same time. Yeah
Ashley is a crouch master. Wait, we didn't do it. I thought we did it. Oh, we have to do it multiple time
Yeah, I'm showing off his
We totally did it not at the same time
It's okay. We got this. Do we? One two three, eh?
That seems like it's at the same time
Oh
Well, yeah, why didn't you get that? What's wrong with you, man?
That looked like me actually
Get off my camera feet. All right. This time. I got it. Ashley
Okay, one two
She she went early. I went on time
But it worked out
But actually just a one note there. Wait for me
You know, I'm the lead here because I I've got the field experience
So just don't show me up. Okay
Oh, I can put her in there
That counts as safe. Can we just be done? I think she's safe now
No, Lee and you got to keep going. Oh goodies. Okay. Oh, man. What's the super sight?
Okay, there we go. All right, I think leaving Ashley in that
Locker is smart for now. Whoa
Whoa, this is bad that it won't let me aim
A couple more bullets than I was hoping to use there
Whoa
Dude
I'm gonna kind of screwed here
Please
Oh
Okay. Yeah, I would hold my shoulder too
Oh, wow. I pulled my shoulder
I'm good. I pulled my shoulder when I got riddled with all those spikes
All right, now I can aim what's going on here
These ain't there we go
Oopsie. I shot I got excited and I did shoot
Oh, man, my shoulder hurts so bad because I got spiked up
Get that lever
All right, I count three one two don't fucking up. Oh, you blew it. Okay. We got Ashley. You blew that
Try this time
Okay, one two do it early. I came down to your level there
I I had the perfect timing, but I came down to your level
Hmm. All right, there's no treasure there. That was an overall disappointing area
No, mr. Rat
not today
Rata
I think that's Spanish for bug
And um rat in Spanish is bug something like that. It's something confusing like that
How's he picked up none of the language?
Been here for months. All right
I get the sense. I don't have enough rifle ammo. So let's equip this
to
No, this give me some space. Yeah, give me give me on some space
Have the sight on
It does. All right machine gun sight
Got a rat just sworn. I saw some movement there
Some rat movement
Um, oh we already know who maybe this is where we fight it
I'm hearing rats
Look, I know this area is spooky, Ashley, but it's only because these rats have really wrecked the place
This could be a nice. I mean, there's a lot of there's a ton of space back here
This could be like a great industrial kind of like a hipster vibes apartment complex
If we get the rats out of here
Where are these fucking rats for not welcome rats for me? That's fun
I like your nades. They're fun for me
Just turn up the volume
Hey, you guys need to hear how spooky it is in here. Um, Ashley on me Ashley
Oh, I can't put her in here
I love putting her in lockers that fucked up. It's not a fit. It's not a kink thing. It's like a that's where it's a job thing
It's just so easy when she's in the lockers
A little dropy little dropy do
Wait a minute. I went backwards
I'm currently going back. Ashley get you confused me get out of the slime
Get out of the the poop water
Roast that you wanted to go back in there gotta go this way
I do love locker ladies. I well because they're safe for them there
A nice safe locker lady
And there's no way I could climb over these or move them. So that's a dead end
Okay, that I've checked three times now
Unfortunately, it has oh I hear a rat
Ashley
Did you just see that did you see a rat?
Was it you are you a rat?
I'm hearing rats swear. I saw some movement. That's a dead one. That's a that's a me did good there
All right, I guess let's just go forward
Oh, I can't get this for me. Yeah, you do it. Leave it to me. I'm actually pretty good at this
Get this for me
You're good at this
She is good at this. Wow
Everybody's got their own skills, I guess
And yours is turning that lever you did great. I'm legitimately impressed. That is a super heavy bridge
If you do have super strength, that would be nice for you to use
Am I not seeing rats?
I could have sworn
Seeing scrambling. Oh you
That's a stab. That's a rat stab
I hate to disgrace my knife with rat blood. That's how much I love cleaning
Raft got him. Come on. You nice. Can I craft even more?
Oh
Anybody else use a rat? Let me know
You're right. I'm being mean to this sewer saying it could be hipster apartments
It's just got a lot of exposed brick and wood
and rot
things
You know make an apartment expensive in new york
You know fun fact about me. I'm essentially homeless because I just am constantly
Running around the world killing people just don't have an I don't even need an apartment. Oh, that's beautiful
Ashley you want a gift?
Actually, keep holding up that bridge. Never mind
I'll actually don't tell her. Don't tell her. I got a necklace. It's for me
It's for the merchant as a gift
A gift that he'll give me money for
The most important gift of all
Oh, that's a nice man. Just felt like cutting there
Hmm
I hear a rat. Oh, I think I see it. Are you a rat?
That's not a rat a bat
A rat was a bat
Feels like a children's book. What's happening? It does smell bad. Yeah
Okay, excuse me
A black bass
Oh, they're leaving all sorts of treasures down here a you there
Not welcome
Bouncer is going to escort you to the door with a bullet
There's one more rat down here. I can smell it among other things
Ashley, you're doing great. Keep holding up that multi-ton bridge
I have to move at this pace for your safety
A bat is a flying rat. If I'd shot it would I would have counted?
That's gonna haunt me. All right. I got this. I guess I'll pull this actually I'll pull this one
Because you didn't
Hello
Um, who asked you guys? What the fuck?
Not right now. This is not the best time for me
I
How I got it freaking saved my
Sort of president daughter's girlfriend. Excuse me, sir
Sir sir
Did I blow it again back off, man
Uh-oh
This is inconvenient for me treat them like they're pirates
All right, please don't do the thing. It didn't do the thing. That is convenient for me
Um, can I throw this over there? Will that hurt her? Hey, ashley if I throw a grenade is it gonna bum you out?
Oh, son of a bitch
I do not have bullets
And that's it's a bad time to not it unfortunately
Maybe he won't like this
Hey
Check that out. He did not give a shit about that grenade
Ow
My shoulder really got my shoulder there
Oh, I do have bullets. I have rival ammo. Okay
We can make this work
We just equip it to this guy
We eat this bass when now we feel really good
We equip you can I just combine here? Is that a thing we can do? That's a negative
It's an old trick. That's an old army trick is you hover bullets over your gun and you just say combine, please
ow
Oh my god, ashley needs help again. This is so inconvenient
There's a chance I could have handled some of this better. Oh
My shoulder ouch. What the fuck? I want this thing reload
All right, ashley, what's your problem? Where is she?
Shoot
Leon you gotta you gotta go go grab her real quick. We need her back
Leon's gonna grab her real quick
And but this time we'll handle handle this like um the professionals that we are leon. That's your challenge
Yeah, yeah, yeah my mind's I am visuallying her and visualizing her in trouble
Shoot did I get the rats? Is this post rat death?
Scott
You there you there. I just want to talk
Where did it go?
Excuse me
You're being rude. I said I just want to talk
Oh my god, this is the ultimate adversary
It's so fucking dark
That was a hit. That was a hit. That's bullshit
Fine fine. I will shoot you
Where is this fucker? I will shoot him with a shotgun if I have to
You
Come here. Yes
Resistance is key. We learned that from fire. The pirates taught me that lesson another one
I knew there were more rats
Oh, that's a four out of four
That's a perfect rat score
Can you stuff her in a locker or dumpster?
I think she's got to hold up this bridge for me. You're doing good
Continue holding up the bridge
What I'll do is I'll reload this time
This time I reloaded and
We'll go ahead and just we'll stick this on the thing. That's better
and then
We'll see if we can make more bullets
We can't
But I have 10 bullets so I just have to not constantly miss
Which sucks because I like to
Let's just set you to six and I'll here. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna throw a fucking grenade over there
through here
And I'm gonna I'm gonna ruin their days
This time I'm gonna ruin their
Where you at? Where is this guy?
Oh
Where is he?
Just waiting
I think if I just wait
I can't lose
You there
You're being rude
You're being rude to ashley
That's how you be polite
All right, you there. You're also being rude stop it
Okay, ashley just duck just duck dodge him
Oh, there's a couple of them
Check this out though. You there
Oh, he dodged that. I'm a good shot
You're lucky. I didn't shoot you ashley
That's how good of a shot I am
Okay, do more keep coming
All right, maybe now the bit the other one just won't show up ashley. Are you all right?
Yeah, thanks
Oh, it did
You there
Wow
Oh more showed up great. That's that's just fine
All right
Where's he?
Where's the big guy?
Where's he going?
Ow
I didn't realize you could do that
He's got the moves
Yeah, get real
These pie these guys are acting like pirates. That is true
Are these have these been pirates all along?
That guy just tank that shit. No problem
All right, that's and that's how you deal with that
ashley
Just can you do me a favor and not be scarred by that?
It'd be very convenient for me if you just were emotionally fine after that
So please be that just don't even think about it
Huzzah
Oh, that's power off. Okay, I get it now
But I want power on over there
Yeah
I did have a couple cock shots in there
Do I feel guilty about that?
It's just tactics sometimes
The shot to take is the cock shot. The hell is this room?
Oh one more when I was already in ashley. Did you keep that bridge up for me? Good
Thanks job
Thanks
Case's girlfriend is calling one second
I have a six sense for these things a sicko sense
One second you guys check it out. It's Kendall, but she's in a different state. She's out of town
Hello, I am in Seattle
Yeah
I'm in a crazy hotel
This is like made for millennials. It's like truly made for millennials
Crazy nice or just like
It's just kind of crazy
It's like really nice, but they're just like what would millennials like
All of these cool lights these weird buckle things the school telephone
Let's have a bunch of like like, I don't know like pipes bathrooms
and low
cabinets
Nice, do you have like a do you have like a kitchen?
No, okay
I don't even have a real table
Oh
Well millennials don't need those things
Yeah, but I don't every room is a corner room. Well, that's kind of cool. This is the window project out
Wait every room in the hotel is a corner room
I don't know how to describe this. It's like the walls aren't completely flat
Oh, every window is like its own corner thing each room like projects a little bit out
Yeah, nice next level
Okay, well, I'm gonna call you after I finish doing this dumb thing i'm doing
Okay, okay. I'll call you a bit
Give away
I told her it was dumb to throw her off the scent. Actually, it's very smart
So don't even worry yet
Sounds like a moxie by maria. It could be
It could be
All right, let's see
Whoa leon stop
What
I'm just doing good stuff
I'm just being cool
Yeah, I gotta focus on one of these things these
Okay, where's the power comes from I see all right. You gotta do that
And you probably have to do that
Which obviously means that that's gotta do that
Except
Not that that's it right nailed it
Yeah, I got a super eye
Ike I got one of the highest icks around
I mean IQ um, yeah
So just saying it faster more efficient
We did best the pirates be grundle. What the frick is going on over there? Sir?
Calm down
Excuse me, sir
I'm good. I'm going to politely ask that you calm down
I asked politely twice and then I asked politely with one shot
And then I stopped being polite and started being real worlds
All right. What the hell
This is why we repair our knives for moments like that
Some people wait a lifetime for a moment to stab bugs. Uh
Ashley calm down. Ashley
You're freaking out
I hear monsters
I do hear what the hell is that it's a bag
I got a back. All right. I'm getting distracted by back. Ashley. How'd you get in front of me?
Merchant you took care of a request
Well done. Thank you. Well done deserves payment in kind. Oh those are some lucrative rat kills
What you got for me, buddy? I have a little something for him actually, but I gotta prep it
Case gem this shit up
Gem is excitement. Whoa gem
In you go
And in you go
And also
in you go
And oh one more we go
1.7 times 59 thousand dollars
That's a hell of a crown
Cell
Oh, we got money
Um, I'm thinking we got money
Do you
That crown is really truly outrageous
Truly truly truly. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa
Anything else I can help you with? Yeah, I'm thinking so
I'm thinking you get me
Uh this upgrade. Oh, oh, yeah
Oh the merchant was a lad at some point
freaky
a well-tuned weapon can make up for a
Lack of skew friend skews you merchant there you are as you good luck. Will that be old?
I think yes
Come back anytime. I will you're my best friend
He's my best friend shut up
He's mine
Oh, there was more money in there. Well, I don't think we have enough to upgrade more stuff. How big is our case now? Oh, look at that
That's the biggest case I've ever seen
I'm just calling you little
Bigger than that case
That case is just a case
I'm a bigger case
Oh, richard. I don't have time
We just did that's so rude being rude. He's being moody
Okay, this is awakening. Leon. What's up?
Oh, this is awakening sense memories
Nice catch of the island
From the gamecube game. That's meaning. I think we're gonna have to fight stuff
What's out here?
Nothing nothing good
Yes, I think about this wall. Just climb through there. Just climb right through it. All right. All right. We got this
A wrecking ball. Oh, she's on top of things today
I got this. I didn't realize she's wearing more shorts than a skirt
Good for Ashley
You're freaking serious right now. Is this what they teach kids in school these days?
Have you never heard of driver's ed?
Go back. Wow. She really
She really knows what she's doing
Way to go Ashley. Oh no
Leon leave our friends to me. What's this gun?
Oopsie. Ow
Not ideal off to a bad start. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. I gotta focus up
Hmm, I could have handled this a little better. Uh, we'll just wait. Is there retry there's not
This isn't pirate fighting
Uh, you know what? We'll just this is a good Leon clone. We'll keep him around even though I'm fucking up so hard
That's what I was trying. What's the problem Ashley?
Oh
All right. What's that Ashley? Ashley. That's a very dramatic scream. He's just at the door stab him Leon
All right, all right
I am low on health
So
Let's just see if we can make Leon survive before we got
Oh, that was close
It was a bit close
Oh
Stings I got stabbed and
Bludgeoned with uh, ooch
Ow
Oh, wow. Wow. Oh man. There's more
I'm gonna eat one more. I know it's irresponsible
Because now we're out, but I'm I got a headache
Ashley do better at this
You're kind of impressing me with your ability to randomly operate heavy machinery
But you could do better
Someone has a gun. What the hell? Ow
That sucks for me
Uh-oh
I feel very bad. I've got a really bad headache
I feel real bad. Like I have a nasty headache. It's crazy. I'm having a headache. Oh, uh-oh. Uh-oh dodge it
Oh
Well, sorry that you had to see that graphic death from Leon
That's what they look like when they die they go
Well, we got a new one we got a new one queued up we had some time to put this one in the
In the tank too, so it should be pretty good to go
But
Legon legon
I got the legon
Yeah
Hi there
Yeah, yeah
We aren't good I'm good
We are good now. Give me some space. Okay. What?
Okay, I guess I'll do this again. All right
With me. Okay. Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and I'm feeling
Sharper in the brain now
Is there any stuff I can grab around here?
Ooh
See that. This is why we buy maps see a little see a little flashy boy over here
Yes, how about you, some ashy, some ashy shotgun?
That was just sitting there for me.
You seen this?
Anyway, feel strong, I feel good, feel like I've been alive for years.
At least 20ish, 30ish, I don't know how old I am, but that's fine.
Anyway Ashley, use this.
You do this, you'll figure it out.
It's fine.
I got this part.
I got the part that kind of includes being awesome.
Oh yeah, you think a gas mask will protect you from these kicks?
Think again, what the hell?
Oh, I got both, that was nasty.
Hey, excuse me, that should have been it.
What's up fellas?
That didn't do anything to them?
Whoa, got them.
All right, so far this is better.
Hey you there, that's what I was going for.
That's what the people like to see.
There's just money laying around, this is exciting.
Okay, I got a shit of a gun.
That guy's upset, but it's fine.
Whoa, ow.
What's your one as my fucking shotgun?
That's all I'm trying to figure out.
Eat this bass.
I'll see one of these.
Which one's my fucking shotgun?
It's not two, it's three.
That's what it is.
Hey there, ow.
Who's throwing stuff at me?
Very rude.
People here are being very rude.
Bugging, throwing bugs out of their heads.
What's up man?
Hey you there, I thought you were dead.
The hole's getting bigger, that's what she said.
Does that make sense?
Does that make sense when I said that?
No.
See me say that, did you see me say that?
We are doing better than last time.
What the, Ashley, ow.
Ashley, that was rude.
That's not my fault for standing there.
She should have known what I was going for there.
Ow.
Hey you there, give me that.
Can I have that?
Oh I can't, it went away.
What the fuck are these guys doing?
This is why we have this.
Oh my god, those little bugs survived there?
There's some tough bugs.
This'll help.
That's what we're talking about.
Hey, I'm having trouble, I'm having trouble keeping up.
Ow, Ashley, things were going well.
Not all these bugs showed up.
Okay, here's what we're gonna do.
Throw it, I'm gonna throw it.
That's all I wanted.
I got a splitting headache, this sucks.
Got a frickin' headache for days.
Okay, you did it.
Oh, time.
I think she did great at Leon.
I think for the president's daughter,
randomly operating heavy machinery, she did great.
Some were issued, Star Wars light halberd things.
They got the fin weapons.
We're gonna get Poe Damorand.
Oh no, I'm being Poe Damorand.
Come in, come in, climb it, climb it.
Yeah, we could have been up here the whole time.
But that's what a coward would have done.
We were too brave to play well.
Where's Ashley?
Really?
I found you calling.
I'm being nice.
Being really nice.
It's really nice to be done.
Yeah, let's reload stuff.
Seems like a good idea.
Reload case.
It's all right.
Got it.
You should maybe consider going somewhere else
before Lord Sandler comes to get you.
What the hell was that?
Come on.
Okay.
Oh my gosh, Kendall's in chat.
Kendall's in chat, live from Seattle.
If only Kendall was here, there'd be a real gamer
to beat this game for me.
There's been, sightings would appear to be
a strange corpse wandering around
likely result of some immoral experiment.
Once someone put it out of its misery
and its pathetic existence, defeat the strong threat.
Is there a zombie that's gonna show up?
Cause that will delight and excite me.
This hotel offers a free drink or Nespressa?
Well, a free drink either way then.
Are you trying to get boozy?
Or are you trying to get mentally acute?
Oh shit, we can go straight back to the merchant.
We could go fight more pirates.
Oh, it's been three hours?
Man, when you're not talking to your news team,
the time flies by.
I left that there for later.
Do I have anything else?
What can I do with this?
I think I might go, I guess I might go with the drink
cause it feels like a higher value,
but also, I do like coffee.
I don't know, I feel like drinking.
Not the merchant's back.
We will merchant, we will save just to be safe,
although I think it's auto-saving.
We'll see if we can get to a boss
and then I'm probably gonna call it for the day.
But you know what, we've made, we beat the pirates
and that's, I think that's all that really matters.
I'm gonna take the chicken.
I feel better having the chicken
than this chainsaw guy personally.
I just feel safer with the chicken.
Yeah, I don't know, I don't know if it counts as a perk
if they're like, we sent you to a cool hotel,
not too extra work.
I mean, it is still a perk.
I should have gone free vacation
minus it costing money to travel.
Instead I'm visiting Spanish Transylvania.
Is it gonna make me fight guys on this lift?
Ashley, you press it.
It's citizen M, I don't know what that is.
We work well together, don't we?
Oh shit, she's an S, she's an S.
Right?
She's pretty into him.
Maybe someday I'll become an agent like you.
We can protect the US from any and all threats.
Is that right?
She's so nervous, saying this.
We have to make it out of here.
Hm, you're no fun.
There's no way that you're gonna stop me.
Yeah, you could have tried to stop me yesterday.
Give me some space.
Hang on.
Stick close.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm sending mixed signals.
Yeah, that sounded more like Peter.
I don't know what Lord Sadler's deal is,
but he's kind of confusing me with his general vibe.
Where am I supposed to go?
Forward is probably the answer.
Oh, was there something along?
I can't go forward though.
How do we do this?
What's the secret here?
Yeah, I need to, oh wait, it's just, okay.
It was actually extremely easy.
The four words were jump over ledge, idiot.
It's so dark in here.
I must stress the use of extreme caution
when handling the amber deposits from underneath the castle.
This guy had to write this so many times.
Work with the utmost respect and obedience.
It is imperative that you do not disturb
the holy body slumber.
He keeps telling the crew when they keep not listening.
Hello?
There's a holy body in here.
This must be what Luis was talking about.
That?
The meteorite from Joe Dirt?
I guess the meteorite from Joe Dirt
is the cause of the plague.
Look at this stuff.
I actually was wrong.
It's the stuff from Jurassic Park.
That Jurassic Park amber gets you in all sorts of trouble.
You live in a hotel 300 days a year?
Damn, that is a job that makes you travel microphone 900.
Although if you like it, that's kind of sick
if you like traveling.
Dearest Lord Sandler,
I am overjoyed to report the wonderful news.
Production of the superior species of lost plagues
is officially underway.
If all goes according to accordingly,
rest assured, we will reach our ultimate goal.
The plaga is a truly magnificent organism
and it has the capacity to live in any vertebrate,
be it human dog or even cow.
There is no other parasite like it on earth.
The superior species is particularly impressive
as it can assimilate with a host
without causing any damage to the brain.
That's why everybody's been behaving this way.
No one can oppose the strength of your dominance, my lord.
On the contrary, who would resist once they experience
the utter joy that accompanies the absence of free will?
I'm limiting proof how ignorant I was.
In a few days, I will have finished administering
the plaga to all high-ranking researchers
and then they too shall know
and when your plan is complete, the whole world shall know
as well.
Yours truly, Annabel Garcia Escuardo Escudero,
excuse me, head researcher.
Annabel, Annabel's always doing,
Annabel's are always doing horror stuff.
Crystal, Ashley, you just jumpscared me.
You didn't mean to, but you did.
Anything else in here?
Maybe?
Oh my God, look at these,
look at these little Jurassic Park boys.
Eater of world, thank you for the follow.
Oh my God, it's Lord Sandler.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
That's kind of a fun upgrade.
He kind of said it, Sandler.
Oh, right in the head.
And he took that headshot like a champ.
That's, he actually, the problem is he's using
conditioner microphone 900.
He needs to let those natural oils do their thing.
Uh-oh, Lance about to get a little shot.
This is part of her CIA training.
Resist.
Damn, she's a crack shot of other people.
Uh-oh, that's why I only left two bolts in the chamber.
That was tactical.
Pray forgive these wicked sinners.
My faithful disciples shall deliver to you your pennies.
Now child, you need not be afraid.
Submit your body.
You know, this voice actor's doing a better job
than I was giving him credit for off his first appearance.
A sweet child.
Adam Sandler's doing a great job is what I'm trying to say.
It's a great honor to be one of his bag headlady.
You know, he really could have ended it right there.
Yeah, Sandler's really, that's why he didn't even
bother killing Leigh Ann.
He's gotten kind of lazy and complacent, honestly.
It's just too bad, you know.
He's really a generational talent.
What?
I thought I was going to say the same thing.
Excuse me?
I thought, I thought we kind of hit it off.
I thought we had a really grown-ups conversation, too.
It really doesn't sound like Sandler or the guy.
It's Peter Sandler, yeah.
Lord Peter Sandler.
Wait, where'd Ashley go?
Oh, he took her.
I didn't even notice.
I'm not doing my job here.
I did not even notice that he took Ashley.
Let's do a little crawling.
Are they saying pizza?
I think maybe they got a pizza party if they kill Leigh Ann.
That makes me feel a little guilty.
That's a great honor to receive a pizza party.
But I think I can't give it to him.
No, I just can't let him have it.
I do hear a little toy guy, and that's going to bother me.
Look at this fricking guy.
Look at him.
No, I don't want to shoot.
Really?
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
This might give me away a little bit, but it's also worth it.
It was worth it.
That shit was 1,000% worth it, let's be real.
Are you freaking serious?
You ruined my castle, and you're still fucking with my little toys
that I live around to play with when I have to visit other places?
You straight up murdered me and left me in my big bug form.
It took me weeks to fit back into my little outfit here.
I'll still read this for you.
For your request, redevelopment of the island is underway.
What is another defensive equipment have been set up to guard
against any outside intruders?
By the time we are finished, the island
will be a giant fortress.
I added the left.
The defenses won't hold up long term,
but they should last until we carry out our plan.
And once accomplished, we'll be that much closer
to the ultimate goal, world domination.
And none will be able to resist our power.
And I didn't write that.
I can't take credit for that one.
That was the other guy.
Very fucked up that you're reading my letters.
Those are private.
Those are personal.
It's actually army policy that you
don't read private letters.
Well, I guess it's CIA policy that you do.
But I'm just saying that was rude.
That was uncalled for, Leon, do better.
Damn.
I really need to clean up this line here.
This is not a secure line, it turns out, at all.
One of the least secure lines there is.
Or at a campsite.
I want to find this zombie.
I was told there's an immortal soldier.
Laugh was implied, yeah.
That's what I say whenever I perform comedy.
Whether I'm reading a letter or performing comedy,
say the laugh was implied.
Ooh, I wasn't sneaky at all, it turns out.
OK, we got there.
What the heck?
Yeah, just kick the fire away, Leon.
It's over this way.
Ooh.
I thought you could get by him.
Yeah, you got a little stab there, dude.
Oh, boom.
That's what we like to do.
Hello?
That got Leon fired up.
Oh, my God, a red box.
Oh, that's a gold bar.
The CIA is all about transparency.
It's about trust and transparency, actually.
That's why they read each other's letters.
I feel like there's more goodies back here.
What's in here?
Those are all my dog tags.
Those are literally, oh, nice.
Yeah, I wasn't holding onto this because I like you.
I was, I have that because I'd say, like, look at this dork.
That's why I have that.
Nebari and Rage, thank you for subbing to the Krauser Army.
I've taken over.
This is a Krauser takeover of whatever this thing is
that's happening.
Yeah, I left this for you.
Yep.
Yep.
Watered by the blood of generation years.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Gotcha.
How do you like?
Is this an apple orchard?
Because how do you like them apples?
Damn, he got us.
Ashley Graham's induction.
Phase one, depart from campus with a target.
This is like a recipe.
Escort the target as usual until the start of phase two.
There should be three others inside of the vehicle,
including Baker.
Abel's unit will follow behind you in a separate vehicle.
Continue to drive your normal route.
OK.
Stuffs, phase two.
Stop the vehicle under the pretence of it
and trouble transfer the target to Abel's vehicle.
Phase three, Abel's unit will change course.
Subduing, restrain the target.
Place the target in a large container.
That's an important part of the step.
Phase four, Baker's unit will create a diversion.
Henry's unit will infiltrate the investigation's database
and disable their network.
Phase five, meet at point K9.
It's a little dog point.
And transfer the cargo onto the ship.
And that's the last.
And that's how you steal a president's daughter.
Sorry to give that away.
I know that's some pretty top secret stuff, but.
No, look at the letter.
No, Leon, look at the letter.
Leon, look at the letter.
Oh my god, you're reading my stuff again.
OK, fine, I'll read it.
Operation Havier.
Few people thought, oh sorry, people have heard the name,
even within the highest ranks of the US government.
And little wonder too, the operation was not made public.
It was conducted in secret.
Great.
Yeah, yeah, we're kind of on that level.
The reason being, it was too inhumane.
Got them.
It all started back in 2002 when a small unit of US special
forces was sent to infiltrate an area of South America.
The mission was to eradicate the drug cartels.
The whole operation took several years to prepare for.
And only the most elite soldiers were selected to participate.
I don't know if the mission was a failure or not,
but I do know the fate of those elite soldiers
once it was over.
Apparently, the entire unit was wiped out
except for the commanding officer, Major Redacted.
Redacted.
Who could it be?
It's a mystery.
And not by the cartels, but by the US.
That sounds like a betrayal to me.
Leon, it shouldn't have been difficult to extract
a single stranded unit.
All it would have taken was a single helicopter.
Crazy.
But for some reason, the military didn't act.
Rumors say the decision was the outcome of a power struggle
among the top brass.
But others say it was a directive
from the former president himself.
Donald Trump.
I was killed by Donald Trump.
But we may never know the truth since it was all covered up.
But I am certain of one thing.
The US government let those people die.
Brave young people who dedicated their lives
to protect their country.
I want to expose this crime not because it's
my responsibility as a reporter, but because it's
my duty as a fellow American.
This is really long, actually.
This document concerns operation out of the air
and was written by an American journalist named Redacted.
Note, too, this article will never be published.
Blank has already been taken care of.
Who could they be talking about?
I don't know.
It's a secret.
I'm coming for you, Leon.
I'm coming hard.
Wow, scary stuff.
Oh, fuck.
Pace 3 profit.
Pace, it's coming.
That's the secret six step of the president's daughter
kidnapping plan.
There's some handgun.
Is there a zombie in here?
I really don't want to miss this zombie.
I don't want to miss a secret zombie path.
Maybe up that ladder?
Maybe there's not a zombie, but that letter made me feel
like there's a secret zombie that you get to kill,
which would be so fun.
Oh my god, I hear crows everywhere.
Is there more than one crows?
What the hell?
Leon shot that thing up into the sky.
Oh my god, are we about to fight Krauser?
I don't know, are you?
Maybe that information has been redacted.
Gotcha, I'm getting you.
If this is anything like the original Resident Evil.
OK, good, we do have a knife.
Is our main knife broken?
Do we have a broken ass knife?
Oh, we still have a combat knife.
Our upgraded combat knife, getting the job done.
OK.
Oh.
Breaks over, I suppose.
Yeah, you're right, buddy.
What's that noise?
Someone consistently hitting a fence
is the kind of thing a zombie would do.
A zombie.
Hello, Stranger.
Hello, friends.
I've got a gold bar for you, Stranger.
And a velvet blue.
It's all rubbish, it makes no difference.
Let's tune it up.
Yeah, I think it's time we maximize.
Sad to say that's the end of the road for that weapon.
Yeah, I'm not sad.
That's a punch.
Enough the most.
That's a knife punch.
Let's upgrade our knife to fight Krauser.
We're going to try to take out Krauser.
And we're going to call it for the day.
OK, maybe we also finish upgrading this.
Yeah, reload speed, because it's never full of ammo.
Will do, my man.
Good as there need.
Oh, what are you buying?
Nothing.
What's that?
How have we procured these curiosities?
You don't want to know.
Damn, I guess I don't.
Suit yourself, Stranger.
I will.
Zombie?
Zombie?
Zombie?
Let's get a quickly double check.
There's not a super secret zombie right here.
No?
OK, no.
It turns out no.
Quit lollygagging.
Come into this safe.
Temple thing.
That's fine.
Just jump straight down, and you'll be good.
All right.
We're reloading everything.
It's just the wind.
Yeah, maybe it's just the wind.
Maybe it's all just the wind.
OK, OK.
All right.
Again, don't think about it.
Just come up.
Look, it's totally fine down here.
You want to come down here.
He's right.
Rookie?
Oh, shit.
Don't worry about the girl.
Is that it?
Just like you, you always had poor judgment.
But if you think I'm going to let you out of here alive,
you're even more naive than I thought.
Oh, look at that backpack.
Save her.
You can't save anyone.
Give it up, Krauser.
Being a lackey for these maniacs won't bring your men back.
And what the hell for?
Revenge on the government?
You think they would want that?
Revenge.
You think I'm doing all this for revenge?
Isn't that what this is all about?
You got a laptop?
That's smart.
In that jungle, I have a vision.
We can do work remotely.
The most important thing in this world
is pure, unadulterated power.
Oh, oh, that's what it was.
Most illuminators have given me that.
I know you were always an asshole.
But at least you had some kind of code, some honor.
Damn.
Leon's feeling this one.
Look at you now.
Enough reminiscing.
Move out and draw fire, soldier.
He's given orders now.
Leon, no.
I have a choice.
What's he doing?
Oh my god.
He's Cobra Kaiing our asses.
Get over this.
Ooh.
I am a little slow.
Use, oopsie.
We'll use this.
Then we'll just duck.
Where am I supposed to go?
Where the frick?
Oh.
It turns out it was incredibly obvious.
Like what, running?
What's up, dude?
Ow.
OK, now we need to use this.
It's nighttime.
Ow.
OK, I've got to start evading.
That's an evade right there.
Take that evasion.
Ooh.
Ow.
Can I do anything about that?
Maybe I just have to keep stabbing too.
That way he can't stab.
I might be out of health items.
All right, I think I'm getting it now.
We might lose a Leon this way, but I
think I can block his knife with my knife.
Oh, I see.
Well, look, we lose a Leon to gain a Leon.
If you really think about it.
That Leon was a test Leon to help out the real Leon.
Get the Leon job done.
But now I think we get exactly how this works.
So we're super good to go.
Oh, buh-buh-buh, stab a friend, stab a buh-buh.
Ah, buh-buh-buh.
Yeah, Americans don't want this.
Oh, man.
You.
I will.
A duck-a, a duck-a-duck-a.
I run, I run.
I'll forgive you.
What's up?
Do you want a knife fight?
Want to know if you fight me?
I'm stabbing, buddy.
Oh, he knocked out.
Do-do-do.
Get a stab friend.
But yeah, there we are.
Dabble, stabble, stabble.
Ow, ow, ow.
Dabble?
You did it, Leon.
You did have to get a little bit stabbed.
Yeah, that's fine.
We did fine.
Everything that just happened was totally fine.
Use it to lose it.
There we go.
All right.
It's definitely healthier in the scud scene.
Maybe I probably don't have to fight him.
Although maybe you'd, I don't know, who knows.
Am I missing items?
I don't see any items.
Hello?
Hello, gov'nut.
That's the way.
To the fight in the jungle.
We barely made it out alive.
Go with your gut, don't think.
That was the first thing you taught me.
Cold pals.
You hate to see it.
Maybe we'll go enemies to lovers here, who knows.
Let's turn this place into one big trap.
I can't fight him on his terms.
Shooting him was a lot faster there.
Maybe his weakness all along was bullets.
Skull meat, thank you so much for the 14 months.
What the hell?
Hearing beeps.
This.
Are you beeping?
I'm ready to die, rookie.
Oh, shit.
No.
Oh, he's gone.
So sneaky.
What the?
Bear traps.
That's cheap.
That's a cheap trick using a bear trap.
I don't know if I don't think I can just duck under this.
I also can't see where the thing is.
I can't see where the thing is.
Am I too close to it, though?
Nope.
Turns out no.
Excuse me?
Who there?
Yeah.
Don't swing your knife at it.
Wow, not the health.
Not the sturdiest turret.
Don't insult his turrets.
He's my best friend.
Whoa, sorry.
Sorry, Leigh Ann.
I didn't realize you were so invested in this.
You don't understand the camaraderie of being
a guy who's going to stab another guy that sort of wronged you,
but also is your best trainee pal?
You're the who's.
Oh, I got you.
I got you.
Tricked you into stepping into a bear trap again.
That's two.
And that's two and five for me.
Some of my traps not worked out, but that one got your ass.
I'll try to be more helpful, Leigh Ann.
Why can't I aim?
What's going on here?
All right.
That was real close.
That explosion was real close.
I heard a covert attack.
Where?
How can I forget?
Shit.
Mm-hmm.
Handgun ammo.
That is a USA turret for sure.
The USA network turret.
Oh, we're not getting.
We're not getting got again.
We're knife pros now.
Or maybe our gun is just that good.
Lucky shot.
You won't fare so well against.
What if I told you that there's even more of those?
Oh, shit.
Where are you at, dog?
Ooh, the knife's up.
Knife's up, boys.
OK.
Ooh, an herb.
That's a thing we can use for sure.
Rifle, ammo.
Anything else on the map?
No.
A bear trap turret.
That's the ultimate turret.
A laser guided bear trap.
Oh, I dodged that shit.
That was easy for me.
I'd be dead if I kept listening to people like you.
Leon Duck.
Leon, no.
Guess I'll ask what I've seen.
Ow.
He got us.
He negated the value of that herb for us.
I've only gone all out for me.
You shouldn't have.
Another herb.
Oh, shit.
There's one back there.
Ow, in the battle of Arrow versus Gun, he wins.
What about?
Ow.
Yeah, we made him go away.
Shit, he comes back.
We can dodge it.
We can duck and dodge.
Yeah.
We're getting froggy now.
What the?
We got to make something.
There we go.
We do that.
And then we just dodge him again.
Ooh.
We did not dodge him that time.
Leon, stop freaking out, man.
We're so good now.
No, Leon, you have to aim at him.
Oh, how did he do that?
How did he pull that off?
I could have sworn he was being shot at.
It wasn't worth it to get that extra item, turns out.
We're a little beat up.
It happens to the best of us.
We don't need health to fight this guy.
All we need is the knife.
What's up with this place?
What?
That was not ideal.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy
clone into active field duty.
This takes a couple clon- that's the real power of Leon.
He did immediately just start riddling that clone with bullets.
I think that's not good sportsmanship.
But what can you do?
That's why we keep more clones in the tank.
It doesn't matter how many you send for me.
There's only one Leon Kennedy, I mean one Crowzer.
You get what I mean.
I don't know if I do.
We just got to sprint this time.
Yeah, that time we used the power of running.
Oh, holy shit, he got him that time.
We might be burning through a couple Leon clones here.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone
into active field duty.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
That time he did run up and sort of split Leon in two.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
Yeah, it's not about sex.
It's about macho- it's knifing.
Don't make it weird.
My dad throws grenade.
I got to use some health, even though this is going
to make me fully out of health.
Stop falling into your mind games.
Sure you don't need a breather.
That armiers must be killing you.
Opening a new best way to forget an old one.
What the?
All right, I guess maybe we just use guns?
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
Warning, launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
Maybe the trick here is guns.
Launching Leon Kennedy clone into active field duty.
Maybe we'll try that.
And also we will just heal.
Soldier!
What's up, my man?
Now you get shotgun.
Ow.
Like your mind games.
You're really doing this?
It's not too late.
Hey, that worked a little better.
We done here, Krauser.
I told you.
Again.
Tell me what.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Yeah, usually I'm closer going through a lot.
He is getting nude.
You're too soft to do what's necessary.
That's the difference between you and me.
He's got a knife.
He is oiled up.
Oh, man.
It's a spooky darkness mission.
You've lost it completely, Krauser.
Nah, he won't jump out here.
Ow.
What was I even supposed to do there?
So that's your true power?
Oh, I'd ask for a refund.
Yeah, I mean, it's not great that he's fully stabbed you.
And it didn't hurt you that much.
Damn, this mouse is going nuts.
That right click going crazy.
I am so confused this is the layout of this.
All right, this is forward.
Oh, no, my enemy crouching.
From becoming one of these freaks, soldiers are pawns,
tools to be discarded once they're past their use.
The soldier cycle.
The soul cycle.
Oh, there was an option to evade there.
And I did fail to do it.
Oh, that's health.
That's exciting.
All right, with the power of having some health, surely
I can't be defeated.
I have not managed my resources very well in this play through.
I do have to say, oh, shit.
Oh, fuck, man, that is bridge.
God damn it.
That lesson starts right.
Thought I had hit a button, but I didn't.
Time for the teacher to be taught.
Ooh.
That's brilliant, rookie.
I'm curious if knifing was an option.
We're trying the stab method.
But now what he says is, can I make more shotgun?
No.
Maybe we try the gun method for a second.
Ow, didn't work.
Oh, my god.
Yeah, get kicked on, dude.
I think we did it.
No, not his best friend.
Don't do it, Leanne, your buds.
You used to be snakes together.
Snakes squirm together.
I'm trying to really make progress in this game,
Sobreachy, but this is getting a little sexy.
Yes.
I'm about to get off, though, man.
I'm about to get off hard because I just won.
Fighting knife.
Oh, a new type of knife.
Oh, my god.
I can't believe you're just this was my,
this is the best man I've ever known.
And he became a bug.
I couldn't be more heartbroken.
The only thing that would make more heartbroken
is if he was a pirate.
Is he a pirate?
No, don't worry, Leanne.
He's not a pirate.
You're damn right, he's not.
He's an American bug man.
And in honor of him, I won't even point my gun at him.
He is basically my dad.
I will never get over this.
Anyway, where's treasure?
Let's see.
Ooh, there's one.
Oh, there's a knife here?
Oh, a boot knife?
Wait, is it on him?
He's a shit to you, a boot knife?
You're holding out on me?
What the fuck?
Got a boot knife on you?
Trying to ransack this fucking useless corpse gun.
Give me that boot knife.
Give me that boot knife.
Give me your boot knife.
What?
Sorry, I was just trying to get it.
Where's this fucking boot knife?
Right here?
Boot knife?
Oh, it's got to be here.
There's not a boot knife in sight.
This is crazy.
I want this thing.
I think it's below me.
Can I even get back up here?
I am heartbroken that I cannot get this boot knife.
I'll never get over this, because there
are a little salad hat on him.
Huh, I really don't know where it is, actually, though.
Um, I guess it's, maybe it's right here.
Maybe the thing is that it's just right here.
That was not the thing.
It does seem like it should be on him,
but I also got a different knife from him.
I've got no option to.
Ooh, wait, is that the ladder?
Yeah, that's the ladder.
It's behind you, Leon.
Use the power of turning around.
I think maybe it's down below me.
I guess whatever.
We'll move on.
We'll move on.
He's taking this one hard.
That was his muscle, buddy.
Nar brain rage.
Thank you so much for the 100 bits
in honor of our boy, Krauser, who could no longer be with us.
You hate to see it.
What it happens, you know?
OK, well, shit.
We're going to call it a guess.
That was beautiful.
We did it.
You didn't do anything.
I've got a little Nick E to give you of blood.
Let's just stop it, Sandler.
You don't even sound like him.
I sound like who?
You need to brush up on your Sandler stuff
if you want to be Sandler.
I'm Lord Sandler.
You sound like Peter.
I'm Lord Sandler.
Well, whatever.
Leon, you doing all right?
Freshly cloned Leon.
Yeah, good to go.
I brought out my nice mic.
I found a nice mic on the island.
Wait, what is nar brain?
Am I saying that wrong?
I was just I was just cloned.
So please don't blame me.
Let me read this more carefully.
Nar, Nar, Narbarian?
Narbarian rage?
Leon, stop butchering his name.
I'm sorry.
It is my fault.
It's not Kase's fault.
I'll admit that in this case, it's
barbarian rage, but gnarly.
Narbarian rage.
That's that is cooler than nar brain rage.
Well, nar brain rage is pretty good, too.
But narbarian rage.
Thank you so much for the bits, for the follow, for the sub.
Appreciate it all.
We'll be back on our Resident Evil grind, I guess.
Probably on Thursday.
Tomorrow we'll be hitting up some news.
Just going to keep alternating until one of these days, Leon,
I get you off this island.
I like it here.
I'm good to stay.
Hey, can I just stay?
No, we got to return the president's daughter.
She's fine.
He's with the bug guy.
No, you've got a job.
That's true.
I'm sorry.
I'm forgetting my mission because my best friend just died.
Wasn't your best friend Louis?
Oh my god, don't even remind me.
I've lost all my best friends.
I'm sorry, man.
I don't know about Palestine yet.
Don't tell them.
Tell me what?
I'm sure our country is doing good stuff everywhere
like usual, like I'm currently doing.
Treating foreigners with the respect they deserve.
Kickspect.
Let's not get into, like, world offense in this context, Leon.
Why?
I'm a serious guy.
OK.
Let's see who's on.
Still got Ada.
That's true.
Oh my god.
Is she going to die?
Is that a thing?
Does she die?
Can I get a spoiler?
No spoilers, Leon.
Let's raid Gina.
Gina's on.
Spent some time with Miss Gina, darling.
She's playing like a dragon.
She's like a dragon.
A darling dragon.
It's a case raid.
A case.
A kick raid sounds aggressive.
We'll just say case raid.
They just finished up playing Lethal Company.
Oh my gosh.
I wonder how that game has evolved in my time away
from it.
I feel like the time of Lethal Company has passed.
But, you know, things can come back.
You have a good night.
Narbarian rage.
I will gnar on some brain rage myself,
forgetting your name wrong so many times.
Is Fiona still alive?
Yeah, Fiona's fine.
I think.
Was there an issue?
I have not heard, if there was.
But I talked for Yasha and she was fine.
Matt, you have a great one.
Say hi to Gina for me.
I got to check in with Seattle, Kendall.
Kendall, Seattle.
Make sure she's eating.
You know, boyfriend things.
Hey, have you eaten?
If not, do that.
You got to save.
All right.
Have a great rest of your night, everybody.
Have a beautiful Tuesday.
Yes, that's right.
And I should be on tomorrow in the afternoon.
Hopefully around one.
I got to max my boyfriend points.
That's a good point.
Good point about the points.
All right, y'all.
See you later.
It's Gina time.
Bye-bye.