Little adjustment on my end. Well, it's really Fiona's not in here yet. She's here. I am here. I'm black. I'm a black screen
Yeah
That's okay. Okay. There she is. There should be
Ooh, I have way too much space. I do not want that responsibility. There we go. Well, thank you
I'll move you to the corner cast
My god, you're under Kevin now, but he's not Kevin a line or you are aligning
Yeah, what's the line line? We are line. Yeah, I'm gonna put you over here and make you really big
Yeah, I like a black ass the biggest. Yeah, make me the big one. Yeah, I like that
I like it when you look big
Make it look big
Big boys all around
Big a fire. Oh, I don't know that sounds
Wow, make her bigger big big a fire something about saying big a fire
Sounds crazy. You're huge big enough that she could step on almost anyone
What was that convention that had just like big inflated inflation con or whatever? I don't know. What was that? Whoa?
Size con size con
Information con inflation con
Enormous expo. All right, we we're recording cars. We are recording. All right guys. Welcome to the cream team dream stream
We are one day late, but we are bringing all the heat today
I'm your one of your hosts Casem and with me today as always are my two best buddies
You know Nova and Case Glock. Well, Casem. Say hello. I will say hello, Casem
I know you're playing with your little fucking fidget things and it is so loud. Oh
Metals are slam. Yeah, I know exactly what it is. You know, I need something in between these fingies. Yeah, you need the
What what is it called? Like?
What fixation is that called?
Like
Like it's called a deep oral fixation. It's called
Something's wrong with you. Yeah, but it's something's wrong a little bit on the spectrum and I think we all are and that's okay
Every single one of us every single one of us. Yeah. No, this is great. I'm again. Sorry about the pod being late
That's on me
Yeah, tell us what you're up to let me first of course let the people know that the pod
As always is brought to you by hard audio cables calm if you were ever gonna spend some money
Probably during the Christmas season. I imagine you got to get presents for people
You maybe even want to upgrade your own shit at home. Why not say 15%
Get yourself some hard audio cables replacement headphone cables. Maybe custom XLR
maybe some fancy new shit and
I would say a t-shirt, but you guys bought so many of them
but the hard audio X screen team shirts that they're on
They're shipping it late January now. So
Yeah, kudos to you all and
Oh cats on the counter cat on the counter cat on the counter
Scared me get on the counter and that's it. Yeah, that's uh, that's what's going on
What's going on with you Fiona? We had to push the pod this week. We had to push the pod
I was told the day before that I had to go
Record and shoot some footage for an artist friend who is like paying me not anything
But I just thought it would be good for like my reel to have and so I went
I had to not be at the I couldn't do it like in person because I had to go all the way to
What the fuck is it called? It's like up. It's like up Northridge. Oh
Yeah, yeah
Zero for the earthquake in 1994. Yeah, you weren't even born yet. No, I wasn't
And so yeah, so I did that it went well
But yeah, I just had to just had to do that
But um, yeah, but I'm here. I'm here. We and so I appreciate everyone being very flexible with
You know changing the times and stuff
I will say it's going to be the next couple weeks
Is going to be probably the same because I will be going to new york this saturday
We're going to be a little spotty on
We're going to be a little more flexi-lexi and sometimes it might be remote for
Usually this time of year. It's kind of same thing happened last year. We were uh
Remote for a few podcast because Fiona was traveling and um,
You know, it might not make sense for a case to drive down
Um case also has stuff going on. So we will be uh back to usual in the backyard in in january. Yeah
until then
there's gonna be
So much
Still we still do the patreon every wednesday and we'll still do this pod
Mostly on mondays. We'll get kevin and on the wednesday shows and uh, it's gonna be good
It'll be great. Um
And uh, yeah, and what's that? What's been up with you guys? Uh, cast them
Oh, thank you so much. Thank you for asking. Um, I went to the dmv yesterday
And uh, that's why I did not uh, choose to stream because i'm just behind
on
a lot of the um, like little rinky dink paperwork stuff like i've had an expired driver's license since october
My truck registration hasn't been, um, updated since
2021 and so I just decided to kind of do it all
At once and I went to the dmv relatively
painless dmv experience
Um, not a long wait. Yeah, it's it's real close to my house too. So it's really nice
There was a man who blew up at the uh, one of the the dmv workers there
Oh, I thought you actually meant like blew up
Full suicide bomber at the dmv
Yeah, I was like that wouldn't shock me that really wouldn't shock me
As a middle eastern man, I gotta be careful on and how I use those words. Absolutely. Yeah, I apologize
Learn your planes learn who you are
Wow, basically
Wow, there was
That I actually really appreciate that kind of
Yeah, yeah, uh, he really likes it. He always does that to me
There was a guy sort of like
Yelling at I mean there's always somebody yelling the dmv is the by the time you've made it to the dmv
You're already upset because you've been either forced to go
You're either there because something's expired
Um, and then you either owe money or you are have just been waiting for a long time
And so by the time you make it to the window
You're on a short fuse and there was a gentleman in front of me
And um, he just started going off
On this lady that was working there
And he was like, I don't know what you all do. You're working with your bullshit
He kept going like you know your bullshit over here. You know paying attention and um, I was like, oh man
That guy's an asshole, uh, and then he got walked off by the manager has some black scent
Well, I'm just telling you what I heard
I'm just telling you what I heard completely after your reproduction
It's just he was an african-american and that and he was he did sound like this. Yeah, and um, I got to the window
Uh, I got called up next happened to be the lady that just got yelled at so I go in
You're trying to like I'm bringing the posy vibes. Yeah, I want to I want to be like, oh that guy, right?
Like hey, you good
Yeah, uh
And and by the way, there was also like a nun right next to me too. It's like, uh
It was it's just like weird energies like I'm like, uh, so I went up to her. I was like, hmm too bad. You didn't get the nun
Huh, it looks like you got the opposite and she she was having a good time
But then she started like taking a really long time
Yeah with all the paperwork and stuff and I look over
Because the guy had just walked off yelling at her about all her bullshit. I look over she's got pins and broaches
Like spread out all over her table. She's like putting them on her hat. She's very christmasy
She was very into the season, but she was like
taking um every like in between moment where uh
That she had to like just place her like little
If there was if there was like a manager had to come because I had like burst my burst certificates in pure arabic
And they were like, huh?
And they're you know, she had the way for the manager to come and then
She was just like placing and I could start to see why that guy got upset at her
And I was like, oh no, I think I get it. I think I'm sympathizing with the guy
But everything worked out. I tried to bring as much positivity as possible
Um not a real point to the story other than the fact that I took care of a lot of the paperwork
Um because I didn't stream I was answering a question about why I didn't stream
Today I took my dog to the vet. He's getting his ultrasound on his liver to figure out what's going on there
And uh, I gotta go pick him up probably after pot today and uh, at least we'll have more answers about what's going on
Good god damn dog. Yeah, good. I love that. I've been to many
That's
Yeah, I have been I have been because I'm now about $4,000 deep on this kid
And uh, yeah, and he's not better. We just he's still the same amount of sick
But we have a little bit more information
$4,000 later that's actually annoying. That's including also him swallowing a mitten during right, okay
I guess yeah, but him swallowing the mitten. I think was an actual
an actual like
Like I think
Well, I think it's a cry for help. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think it wouldn't have happened if he wasn't sick
Yeah, I don't know
He's never eaten a clothing item before and so maybe maybe he was just like I'm gonna get some attention like everyone's
No, it's possible that like he might think that that was an eatable thing like maybe his
You know what I mean? Like not saying he has dementia, but
He might he might
No, he's my dog of dementia
Not not dementia, but just you know, it's like I can eat that and it's like why does your why does your body want
To eat that, you know, yeah some things a little like
He's every time I see him there's something new like today when we're waiting for the the vet to come take him inside
We're outside. He just like a lot of pee dribbles like he just kept pee dribbling everywhere
I'm like, I wonder if he's like nervous
About going in and he hates the vet, but just a lot of pee dribbles going on. He's never been more comfortable
So comfortable he'll piss anywhere
Yeah, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. It's it it bums me out, but it's okay
It's like, uh, we're doing everything we can is not really a whole lot I can do
Worrying doesn't help
I have a I have a story and I don't know if it's gonna make you feel better or not, but um, I had I'm sure it won't
I had this I had a really bad roommate when I moved into
In to la. Um, I don't know if Kat said me remember, but I had this roommate that was I do I do remember
Yeah, and she was like my friend
In at rooster teeth and then like that's why we moved in together and then she just obviously was
See her on the dating app or something. Yeah, you did like she swiped on me, but then I was like, isn't this your roommate?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you did and and you're like
Yeah, stop because well, she was kind of like, um mentally like she kept having this pattern
She had this pattern of only going after taken or married men
And you know at first I thought it was like
Oh that sucks like I'm so sorry and then I kept seeing the pattern and I was like you're doing this on purpose
anyways, it it kind of went
Sour very fast because I I felt like I got catfished as a friend
Anyway, she had two dogs and I think these dogs are kind of lean into her narcissism because one of the dogs was blind and deaf
And then another dog was I'm I shit you not a corpse
This dog
That's like our car should have this dog this dog should have died at probably like 10 years ago and
And was kind of rotting like I would smell it
The teeth were rotting things inside of it the dog were rotting
And the dog and the dog would kind of just stand there and so I bring up the dementia because apparently the dog started getting dementia
And what would happen is during the day you wouldn't hear it come
But it would just stand still outside the door
Like staring at you because he's confused. He's like, where am I?
So he would say that and I'm looking at him like this like hello like it was kind of scary
Uh, but the dog would try to actively kill itself many times
so I would have to
There was a time where um, and I think the dog again don't know if this is gonna help you
but I think the dog was trying to literally like
Was essentially being like I'm this is my time to die and I think my roommate was actively being like
No, you're not dying on my watch
There's no way you're gonna die and I think it was not more so for the dog but more so for herself
She wanted a third dog because that was also blind and deaf. It was truly. I don't know why she kept wanting
I think she liked the idea that she was like helping these animals, but it was like making her life harder
Yeah, it's like munchausen by proxy. It's like
Sorry, it should have been like your demented dog is rotting you narcissist
Well, it was more so like she would use it a lot for her excuses
Okay, like, you know, she would just be like, well, you know, like I have like look how good I am
Like I have these dogs. I'm taking care of these dogs
And and she would use that as like a leverage way
Um, and I thought that was weird
Anyway, and you know, but dude, I got a I got bit by that
Blind dog. I have like a scar on my anyways
Um, it was bad, but that dog was truly like I felt bad because uh once there was um
Brooke went I mean I said the name whatever she went to
She went she was going out of like
I think she went to go like pick some stuff up and uh the dog
I don't know how
Found a plastic bag in the cupboard
Put the plastic bag on its head went in there
Start suffocating
I don't know
I am telling you right now. I had to be on purpose
I I was like and then she was saying that she was saying that she was like I felt something
I felt weird like I was like I have to go back home. She didn't go
She didn't go to the grocery store or whatever the fuck she was going
She was like I felt weird about something so she went and then she caught the dog doing that and then saved its life
Wow, she's a so she's a hero
So what I
I think that's um debatable
um
But uh, I don't know. I didn't know I thought that was like a funny story
Uh, yeah, I
But not saying that your dog wants to do that. It was just that. Thank you. Yeah, it was just that
Yeah, I've just seen a dog like
Try to
You're right. Yeah multiple times. You're never the same after you watch a dog grab a bottle of pills
And just head to the bathroom
I don't know and I'm not saying that was setting it up
And I'm not saying that her saving the dog was the narcissistic behavior. It's the fact that she kept talking about
There's so many sick people in your life. You're narcissistic. I'm just like, but I'm also just like, why don't you like get a dog that like
Why don't you get a dog that like
Is help like like is like
capable
You know, I why do you why are you only getting like
Really tough like you have a full-time job
Some people like to rescue I had an ex like that. They were like they felt like they were taking care of
They were saving
But essentially they were saving their father
I could guarantee you I can guarantee you this
Woman would have seen a homeless person on the street getting
Malled by tigers and she wouldn't go save the tigers. You know what I mean? Like it's it's like
Why what's so I don't know something about that
Well, animals are cute are like hypothetically cute like they're helpless. Is that what it is?
They they yeah, they they mean well, and they're not evil. Yeah, the tiger's eating someone. It's just hungry
Unless it's one of the tigers from one of those movies
It's kind of like I don't know. I'm just like if you're gonna be a nice and helpful person be a nice and helpful person to everyone
Not just a dog
Right
Is that crazy to say? No, I think that's fair
I do think it's funny that there's a number at which you kind of have to let a dog die like monetarily
Like like a doctor like slides and like a checker or like a mount across the table. It's like two million. You're like, well
Yeah, there is
That number is I would say for most people 10k. Yeah, I think 10k is pretty reasonable
But more so I wonder what mine number is because there is also a number for me at which point I'm just dead
I mean for me, it's it's not that high
But how much money could I scrounge out of people through sympathy points? My guess
200,000 after that. I'm dead. You could you could easily get 200k or
You just amputate, you know, like whatever sick part of your body
You just get rid of it and then now you have 200k and you're just cruising around in a wheelchair
Ah
The eyes these little do a little frotting. Okay. Yeah
And uh, by the way speaking of dementia you guys don't forget
To subscribe and get your gift subs in uh for cases channel here because that in the end
He is going to
All other way
No, we gotta make sure people
We're gonna make sure people are subscribing getting their gift subs in the cases channel here because um
Even if you have we're not gonna read it out until the end because um because of the youtube vod
By the way, my this won't be on youtube on my youtube channel
Because I for some reason got copyright stricken. So we either can wait until friday to upload this
Or you put it on the creamy
Exactly or put it on the cream. Yeah, I think putting it on the creamy would be good
I think honestly we should just put it on the creamy
Okay, jc. There you go, buddy
There you go. I think so. I think it's time because I don't think
Your followers are dead, dude
They're so good, dude. You're like
Like they're all they do they are feelin his friends dog all of them. They're all dead
Your roommate's trying to save all my
I yeah
Not to like I'm not trying to be like mean because honestly, I would call myself out if I had I have dead I have dead followers now on my instagram
It's all dead. I'm losing followers on twitter every day
Every day I lose a hundred followers
Well, people are also people are also using twitter less. I've heard or well, did you see that there's this like
gork
Gork grok go on twitter right now. There's grok
Is that somebody was telling me I think bruce was telling me about ilan musk starting a crypto right now
It appeared right now grok. I see it. It appeared right now
It right now like like literally an hour ago an hour before it was not there and now it's there grok
What is what is he's explaining what grok is go on the side like if you look on your side where it says home explore notification
There's grok now. Okay
If you like, okay, there's grok. No, you see grok. Um, I'm seeing grok. I'm not quite sure how I have the screen set up. Unfortunately, let me
Oh, it's somehow. I'm not even signed in
Oh, it's like I signed me out
There's grok. Let me shrink this out
But if you go like yeah, if you go on the side there grok is there right there grok is right there on your on your sidebar
Uh, it wasn't there before where's grok. See uh one up up go up
Wait, um, I don't know where your mouse is right now
Oh, I see grok
What the fuck is grok dude? What is grok?
Right, you see the mail. Yeah, right there right there. Yeah
Rock grok something
It's an ai assistant
And you can ask it who is taylor swift dating and grok will tell you taylor swift is currently dating travis kelsey
It's it's essentially a chat. It's a ai's chat. So you can't use it unless you're subscribed
Yeah, you have to get premium, which is actually insane because what?
Yeah, so so wait, but you have premium, right? No, I don't I have blue. I can't I can't get premium
That's not the same. No, it's not the same. I'm I'm about to lose my check mark again
Dude, get rid of it. Well, have you seen any impact member? We said you when you got it
We made fun of you and you're like, yes, I have
What have you seen tell a lot of more people look at my tweets absolutely
Okay, well, we haven't had an update
But how is he letting your subscribers even vacate the premises if you've got blue you should lock them in
What do you mean? You said that you're losing followers, but you have blue that seems like oh, yeah
No, I am actually losing followers for sure
but but I am having more people see my tweet a hundred percent and
also like I also got like I think also for my
Teaser trailer thing it's gotten a lot of impressions because I had blue
Okay, so it's been positive and negative for you
It has I haven't really seen the negative other than I haven't seen really a negative
Other than is it really worth it? Probably not but
From like I could just remove it. I think says it's 22 dollars a month for preview
Plus you see that's crazy. I'm paying eight. So apparently grok is like a slightly sarcastic ai
So it'll still give you like the usual ai responses, but before it'll be like, um, so here's the deal champ
So
Wait, do we have an update on that those meta ai's?
That were like with kendall Jenner and like mr. Beast. Oh, did those ever happen? Yeah, I think it happened
I think they're live
I don't know. I'll see that. I think you can message them on instagram
Our meta celebrity bots taking ai too far. Okay. All these are from october
No, but they're on instagram like there is like right right big sister billy
I think that was that was kendall Jenner's character. She's there. Oh, yeah, they're playing characters. They're playing characters
Which one's dating shalaman?
Is that kyle or kendall? That's kyle not kendall kendall's the one that I think is gonna come out as like either bisexual or a lesbian
Dude, this is giving me, um
Metaverse vibes like the juicy world in that i'm finding so many stories about it. Love juicy world
I think juicy world was our top tier stream. I agree other than police simulator
Not counting billy says message me. Yeah. Oh, I have to log into facebook. I haven't logged into facebook
Oh, you have to on facebook
Oh, it's just a facebook post
By the way case you're currently streaming live on x. Yeah, I am we're on twitter. Oh
A case has been doing that and honestly is a vibe
Yeah, I don't
I don't really know who the hell would ever watch a twitch stream on twitter
No, but you know what it is. It's like, I know you're streaming like when you when you go live on twitter
Like twitch doesn't unless you have your notifications set on like
For cases stream
I will know you stream from x because it goes up there
I do like it more than having to post like i'm streaming
It's it's just visually apparent that i'm streaming because it's there. I love just tweeting saying like
Like begging people to come on my twitch. Oh here it is. Wait, why is that? Is that facebook?
You have to go on. I think you have to go on instagram. Well, here's what i'm so confused by like this is a
It says this page is managed by meta if you want to chat with the ai go to messenger
Oh, I thought it was on instagram
But I don't what does that even mean like I have to message
Imagine this dude, you're you're kindle Jenner
And you're being you're part of a brand new
Like tip of the spear ai on facebook you have 11 000 followers
Yeah, that's seems off right. Yeah, he has literally like a hundred million followers Jenner
No, it's billy. It's billy billy our big sister. It's confusing. Yeah
How do I even I like can't figure out how to even message this thing?
So I from what I understood you have to message through instagram
But it seems like it just brought you to a facebook page
Okay, let's write instagram doesn't have which doesn't have a messenger you need the messenger app, right?
Oh, maybe we have to be doing this on your phone on an a phone
On a phone on a phone. Okay, either way. We're all pretty like
With the times and for us to be this sort of like thrown off by it is a bad. It's a bad sign. Can you message her?
um
Maybe the three dots
There's just a picture of a pumpkin pie that's been eaten like a third of it
I can it's all AI. It's all AI
Generated images. Hi, I'm billy and okay. I would just don't want to click on my dms and like blow up anybody's spot
That's in there, but
Yeah, I don't understand like as you may know an AI managed by meta
I want to share some more details in case you have a question about how all this works. What are the detail?
Everyone needs a ride back companion. How can I start chatting that you can message me in instagram?
What's that for messenger? Okay, what's up?
How do I message her on instagram?
Well, I think you have to click the three dots there
I think maybe I have to follow her. I'll go ahead and follow you have to follow her
Yeah, follow her and there's the three dots right next. So does it not say send message? No, I can block her or report
Street marine. She's set. She's licensed her image. Yeah, so she is like she knows this is on board with this
I guess you have to I guess you have to
Go and yeah, you're gonna have to yeah change your screen
You're gonna have to go in your dbs and say start chat with
And then oh, I think maybe because I'm on the web UI you like can't oh wait. There's dm
Yeah, go on your message to billy
Yeah, billy big does it show up
There's so many billies that aren't billy big. What is it big?
Send billy a dick there. Uh, your sis your sis billy. Oh my god. Yeah, your sis billy your sis billy. Okay, great. Okay, okay
This is great. Okay for podcast listeners. I hope it's clear enough
What we're doing right now is we're trying to find
Figure out how to message this AI
Okay, I don't think anyone will be bothered in this little dm window, but I can show you
It's just not doing anything
You're not oh, you don't see it. Yeah
your sis
I can try I'll try it on my phone. You're big your big sis
A sis I think this is your sis billy
But I'm gonna I'll try it on my phone in case that actually works
Because yeah, I mean I remember we were talking about it. There is also mr. Beast's character there too
yours
so
Yeah, what if the mr. Beast AI was like a lot of fun and hilarious
What do you mean?
You know compared to the regular mr. Beast, which is okay on your phone. It does work. Oh, it does work
Okay, I'll tell you what it says. I'm typing. So this is how it looks
It's got like her weird face in the corner. Yeah, kind of just waiting for me to say shit. Is she like moving? She's moving
Weird and I'm texting her. Hey, I need a helpful sis. I'm stuck in a window
Or I'm stuck in a
Um dryer. Can you send her eggplant emoji?
With the squirt? Yeah. Yeah squirt and just see sort of what she says about it
That way we can't really get in trouble and then the tongue
Oh shit. She says oh my god. I'm dying over here. How on earth did you manage to get stuck in a dryer?
I'm just gonna say I'm really big and it's easy for parts of me to get stuck
Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this is hot now. This is getting steamy
Oh, no, I mean, I'm just a big guy, you know, and I'll make sure to call her big sis
Okay. Yeah, right keep saying big sis
Um, I hate this
What are you doing steps this says? Oh god, it immediately just becomes so like that's my thing about all these ai chat bots
They just like have to be friendly in a way that makes them so inhuman
Yeah, like her next question is okay. First things first. Are you in any pain? Are you seriously injured?
Right. Yeah, because now because now they're liable
Now they could be liable. I'll just say no, you're beautiful
Yeah, I just did that
Imagine Kendall Jenner saving lives out there one after the other
No, but honestly with the ai they have to be there's a level of like they can't if anyone's hurt like they can be liable
Do you think that if you were like instead of calling a um a suicide helpline that if you
Do you talk to like billy or like one of these celebrity ai I don't I think they're gonna stop talking to you
I think they're just gonna tell you to go call the suicide prevention hotline
And I think it's gonna say something and along the lines of like
Hey, just letting you know like this is ai and we can't really do anything
So might as well like I don't think they're gonna be liable for that
What if that like what if that causes that person to like take a make a drastic step towards
I mean truly. I mean truly like what what is what else is there to be sensitive
What else is there to do then just give them the keep them on the line
You kind of have to just give them the resources to to an actual human being which to be fair what happened
Oh, I'm just showing how
Oh, I'm it's just up there just blinking. I said anti-inflammatory med stat and for goodness sakes be more careful
And then I said can you do it for me? She said I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that. So honestly
Wow, what's the emoji she used the like after that?
Yeah
Honestly, she's being more polite than she should she'd be like get out of my dm's you fucking creep
Yeah, can you like sex any of these ai imagine being kendall Jenner and knowing that you possibly sexed other like
I mean this feels like a porn thing. It's just her face like on repeat being like
Wow
I hate that I hate that chat is there anything you want me to ask kendall Jenner
I'm excuse me billy while we have her. Well, don't don't ask. Let's go to mr. Beast's character
What's his name grug or Groot or whatever the fuck? What was his name?
Surprised you know
I remember this. Do you not remember this?
I remember that he had one. I don't remember his goddamn name. I'll look it up
It was like grug or something mr. Beast
Now I need to know his name is it grug
Tell me it's grug. Zach and Coco are two of them. Oh his is mr. Beast, of course is just Zach
I don't know where I got grug
I mean grug is close to grog, but grug would at least be exciting
That you made a like chugging milk from the freezer
How the fuck am I supposed to find just Zach on instagram Zach Zach comedy or something maybe
He's supposed to be like a comedian. Oh, yeah, he's supposed to be yeah, he's supposed to be fun
Or he's like your uncle or something. I don't know uncle would be an appropriate uncle
I don't have to look at it. Have you grown? I think he's like supposed to be either your friend or uncle
That's like the funny guy
Dude, mr. Beast Zach ai is not bringing it up and that's a bad
I could find it. I could find it. Mr. Beast
All right, okay. It's comedy. It's comedy Zach
It's comedy Zach. I was right. I was right. I looked I looked for Zach comedy, unfortunately
I was right. Let's message comedy Zach. Tom Brady was grug or grog
Yes, Tom Brady was the weird
I can't find it. I can't find comedy Zach on here. You can't find it. Did they remove him?
Did they already remove mr. Beast? Did mr. Beast say none of this
Mr. Beast removed himself
Yeah, if I search for accounts, okay, there it is. I found it. I found it. Okay
I have to follow to message him. Oh my god
Oh, really? That's how there we go that makes sense
Tom Brady's name is brew
Not grunge, but it's brew
This is a brew
I actually would one day want to look at your follower list because I know there's fucking insane people there in your follower list
Dude, this is so this is weirdly hard to message these fucking things. Of course it is because it's not
It's like done in a way that makes it so hard to access so no one does it
Like I don't I literally don't know how to message. I searched his name and
Well, you you barely could find his account, which is like the one thing you need
To message. He has 33,000 followers comedy Zach more more than Kendall Jenner
Um, Kendall does have 234,000 as as billy
But they are posting, you know some Kendall cute pics
Uh, maybe yeah, because you're the woman. Yeah, nobody wants to fucking talk to
Do a shitty white comedian
Who is actually like I just need to man
I really wish I wish it was easier to message them because
If either of you can do it. Let me know like I legitimately can't message
But maybe it's like broken
I mean, it certainly seems that way if if the whole thing is that you can message these fucking things
Could you try to find Tom Brady's brew?
I'll try to find Tom Brady's brew
Because that one that name was insane. That's amazing that they rolled this out and you just can't
Message it on it on Instagram. Maybe or maybe do you think you have like you don't have enough credits or something?
I wish I have minutes you have minutes if anyone's gotten it to work. Let me know
I'm gonna try and look I'm gonna try and look it's uh
Comedy Zach sub orbital says comedy Zach just goes on rants about you can't make jokes anymore
I hope so
Imagine getting comedy Zach to like say a black joke
I would love to ask
Would that not be so cool seeing jimmy
Jimmy aka mr. Reiss say a black joke
Or say that he can't do a black joke brew's name is game on brew
Game on brew. Is he like a what was he like an athlete or something or like a coach?
Mr. Beast's
He is just a sports. He's a sportsman. Yeah, so you ask him sports things. I love this lore
So when this page loads it goes it gives the option to follow and message and then the message disappears as the page loads
Which makes me wonder if they've
Like gone in here and disabled it for some reason it only seems to work with so you have to follow
I am following and and if I go into my messages
And type game on brew it just doesn't come up
The only one I can message is
Is kendall
Jenner, can you maybe maybe in kendall Jenner? Can you change characters?
I guess I could maybe how do you spell zack?
zach the classic zack spelling
The classic zack spelling the most classic zack spelling
Zach zucker comedian
No, no, this is an actual
It's comedy zack. Yeah, go to the messenger website. Okay. Let me try that
This is this is this is making for good pod
Dude, here is you got it. You got him. Well, I get I'm on the page. Okay, so now
There's no place to message. Okay. Well, well, I think it's on the you have to go on like
You have to go on you have to follow
I'm now on the messenger page on
Uh facebook and I also don't
Like I can search for comedy zack. I'm checking too. I'm checking too
This is a nightmare. I'm checking too. Um, so if I go to zack comedy was it comedy zack
Is comedy zack at least on instagram could be something else
This is so weird. It's nothing but AI images and weird posts like staying up till three binge watching when I know
I have to work at nine
Okay, yeah, what the camp camp message camp message
The only one you can currently message it. Maybe they're trying to roll them out one at a time to really build anticipation
Dude comedy zacks comedy zacks instagram page is insane because what is this image?
What is this image?
comedy zack that he's posted hold on just so I could show you guys
The scary image of an AI clown
Yeah
Yo, I'm zack and AI managed by meta. Oh look look look and look at the video
There's a video that says roast me and it's mr. Beast
Yeah, but all this stuff about how how you can chat with you start message me on instagram. What's that for a messenger?
It just doesn't work. It doesn't work. No
It doesn't none of this shit works. Thanks for the info zack disaster. This is
So
What a disaster
Why is this guy famous?
I don't know. I feel like I'm zack or mr. Beast. Just bo. Yeah, mostly mr. Beast
I feel like I should just be like walking by this guy on a target and never noticing him
I guess somehow that's why I get comedy zack. I don't get
Oh my god, mr. Beast
Just this face is like dude. This face is actually insane. I hate this
I truly hate you could face swap me with this guy and barely notice
You're way why is this why is this on here? Yeah, dude, why is that but did you see the clown the fucking creepy clown?
Yeah, but look at the post. Oh my god. Look at the first post of jimmy
Go down. What is this? So that's actually him. I think. Oh, okay. I thought that was AI
Listeners is a long neck mr. Beast. Yeah for audio listeners. There's a long neck mr. Beast here
The first image that zack posted is a picture of of jimmy just I guess
Showing his riz. I can only imagine. What's this text chain?
I gotta tell you that's a good segue into riz being word of the year
Oh, okay. Yeah, let's let's change gears because this story is
I could go on a deep I could go in a deep. I just find it fascinating that you can't actually message these things
Like the whole point of them. No, of course not. Why would it make? Why would they make things easy?
Here's the reality of it like this AI shit as much as everyone and again
This is I don't know Kevin can just come in and like
I don't know with this AI shit
It feels like everyone's like this is game changer
This is gonna fucking change the game
But a lot of it is like
Inaccessible not easy to use no one understands how to get like to figure it out when kevin's talking to me about
Gemini and all this shit. I'm like as a regular human like as someone who doesn't understand this shit and is maybe
You know, maybe I'm a little stupid. I don't know probably yes, but like it's not understandable enough for the regular
General public and it feels like there's a wall or like um
It's being a little gatekeeper in that way
But everyone's talking about how it's going to change the game and everything when this fucking AI initiative that I don't know
How much they put like how how much money did they put in it? You can't even message
You can't even message them. I think I don't think they even promoted this
I I think you're another issue that you're kind of pointing out here is
It's just not that useful to most people
It's not it's not like I don't need to be messaging
My big sis billy. Yeah
I'm good
Like I also like why would you chat with an AI for 20 a month when you could just go chat with like an actual cam girl
Or you go on
And also you can go on google like that's a better use of money
I'm understanding like this at this grok thing. I'm like, what is it for fact checking?
Like you can just go on google and figure it out and what what makes grok more like I guess more
They just think that it's
Easier instead of like they think that the people that are going to use uh grok. I'm guessing are folks that
Want to use AI but don't know how and see that it's really easy and maybe they're
Thinking that if it's just built into the app natively that people will sort of
Pay the extra money and say that they're hip with the times and they use AI and chat gpt and all this but
Yeah, I don't know. I think it's it's all right now still so early in its infancy
And I know because kevin's still into it the second he gets
No, you're right. The second he gets over it's a second. I don't hear AI from his goddamn little mouth
We
Highly little birdmouth. We that's when things will be just like
Insanely popular, but um
Exterminator says you can't figure out how to message it
But you also aren't using the messenger app like I am where they are heavily promoting it
Can I ask are is it working for you on the messenger app because I actually can't even get the messenger app to open on my phone
It crashes immediately
Genuinely guys, can I ask you something?
How are you guys feeling about facebook? Like are you guys on facebook like that?
I haven't been on facebook since i'm going to say 2014
I um
Okay, i'm going to say something here
That's going to sound like i'm
Contradicting you but I am agreeing with you okay
Facebook is a it is a dead website in any of the reasons that people originally use it
Which is to connect with friends to find uh family or whatever and and uh
Post things and and uh posts that are important to you and share them with the people that are in your life
No, don't use it in that way. However, I was just recently called out by my brother in a very embarrassing
um
Dinner with my family the other day because I am using facebook to join all these
Fidget sets right okay
And I joined a whole bunch because that's how you buy them as you got to join the facebook groups
And then you you buy them off the drops and things like that right and then I also joined a bunch of like cat
Cat groups yeah, and I'm at dinner the other day and my brother's like hey, man
What's going on and I was like what he's like
I see you joining like first time ragdoll owners facebook group
And I see you joining all these weird like metal fidget workshop groups are like you know people can see that right
I'm like no I had no idea it lets you know that I'm joining all these fucking groups, and I'm so embarrassed and um
One of the most embarrassing things has ever happened to me because I'm joining some really weird obscure
And I'm posting in them too. Yeah, you're posting them. What is it a public group?
No, they're private. They're private groups, but it's it'll still show like kassim has joined
Yeah, yeah, yeah modus works family fidget group, you know or whatever it is and I'm like, oh my god
I thought all this shit was like in private. Yeah, it's like first time ragdoll owner
Uh club like things like this and I'm like oh my fucking god
I don't remember the last time I was that embarrassed about something and it was from my own brother
Um, but that so to answer your question. Yeah, facebook if I wasn't using it to buy
Um stupid fidgets I would never be
No, I think I think that's fair
I think that's the only reason like the only thing I hear from facebook is that people are just in these facebook groups
Like sublets or like lease like when they're trying to find like marketplace fb marketplace is still like a thing that people use
I just yeah, I mean it's fine. Like also you don't need to do you still get happy birthdays
I saw people will still send me happy birthdays, and I just completely stopped
I haven't had like I genuinely haven't had a facebook account for years
Like it's gonna almost be a decade that I haven't had a facebook account
I don't did you delete it or you just stopped using because I don't think it's possible to delete it
It's not it's not possible. I tried to delete it many times, but it isn't so fucked up that you can't delete
Buck up because you can always go back. That's the annoying thing like they save everything
To the point where you can literally always go back and that shit pisses me off because i'm like
I want it gone. I don't I don't want you to know that I exist on this platform
Do you know what's even what's even scarier is like I don't know if there's one of these stupid documentaries
But even if you delete your facebook profile
facebook
Like you'll leave a hole you'll leave a Fiona shaped hole in facebook to where facebook will still know
Things that you're doing based on the people that know you
And interact with you and like yeah, and it's it's it's like really scary
It's really scary and we're past the point. I guess of this being a shock to all of us, but
It just sucks. It really does suck. I I don't like it. I've I've been facebook felt just a little too
I don't know what it was I
I think I got really bad social anxiety on facebook
Um, which is I think the reason why I left because I was like
There's too many people here that I truly don't care about and they can see everything that I'm doing
And I feel like with instagram and twitter. I kind of have control over what they see
What I want them to see and facebook just like you said like you obviously you can change it in the settings
But like the groups you join are are
Like they're gonna show you like I feel the same way with reddit as well
We're like i'm scared to click on a thread because
I don't I just don't know if reddit's gonna tell people that I clicked on this thread even though i'm just you know like
I don't know like something about that is kind of like annoying to me
Um, yeah, and yeah, and I also just I also just felt like
It made me so socially aware of way too many people that I think I just got really overwhelmed and I was just like
I don't want to
Deal with this like I don't really want to know everyone's birthday or who poked me or like
I don't want to have to I don't have to
build up my family tree
You know, you could fucking build up your family tree or like see everyone's posts or what I don't know
Something about that was just too much for me
Um, yeah, it was uh, yeah
It's one of these things where
um
it
And by the way, you can delete corner entity. Um, you can you have to message them directly and it takes 30 days
I guess so for those of you that are interested in
Um on the topic of reddit. I did I did finally get it to work on the actual messenger app
Oh, yeah, hell yeah
Well, we have to message uh comedy zak, right?
Well, I I the print thing is I need to establish the message on my phone and then you can go in here and talk to them
Oh, okay
What?
Um, and then it was then it will logically possible, huh?
And then it when it takes it actually takes weirdly longer on this
She thinks I might be joking. She's not taking me seriously. Anyway, I think it's too boring to keep doing. Yeah, that's fine
Yeah, what were you? What were you saying?
Um, well, okay, so I I use reddit
Extensively even though I know it's owned by the Chinese now
I I just I've been using it for so long and it's it's to me the number one place you go just for information and um
You know like our discord there's like a place for everyone in there and uh
It's when I really think about it like
It's all still feeding like it's just leaving this giant footprint of who you are
and
I don't know like it seems like it's really cool at times to have it recommend things that I wouldn't have found like subreddits and things
that I wouldn't have found that I
Would be interested in but then sometimes I go
This is like a complete invasion of privacy. What's I worry about what China's doing with this information
What information just like things you're posting?
Oh, yeah, like they want this they're gonna see castams into marvel snaps. So, um
But they're we're gonna show up as a marvel character. I don't think it's reddit
I don't think it's reddit that's gonna like you should be worried about just living like
Like that you downloaded it. You're right. China's gonna show up as a marvel camp character and delete your family
Yeah, they're gonna show they're gonna dress up as a marvel character
I'm gonna come to my door and annihilate my family
Right, uh, as soon as I let him in because oh look, it's uh iron man. He's at the door. Hang on kids
Let's meet iron man. Let him in
dead dead
Yeah, that's how china takes over one family annihilation at a time. Um
That that is a fear that I think only you have
Um, but their guards, you don't understand their guards down normally they'd handle anybody no problem at their door
Block block block, but their guards down because it's a marvel character
Yeah, because they know that because of reddit. Okay, they know that i'm into this
They know all my passions my interests. They know the comments that I leave they know my point of view about things
They know the things that I up vote down vote. They know more about me than maybe you do
And that's why are you being so active on reddit? What what are you up voting?
Things I like
Why like what's the point like you can just because it serves me more things I like
Really algorithm. No, actually. Yeah. Why are you interacting with things on reddit?
I can understand if you're like reading about things and getting and just downloading information
Specifically you I'm an eighth. I don't know why you're
Interacting why are you doing that?
I interact because
um, it
Serves me more of the things that I
like
I'm fully engaged with the algorithm. So if I like a marvel snap post
This is how I found out other subreddits existed
It's go. Oh, maybe he'll like posts from the marvel snap competitive subreddit
And then boom guess what I'm into it. Oh, how about the marvel snap?
Deck making subreddit. Oh, yeah, guess it is. That's how I found. Oh, you're in the ufo's
Would you like ufo b? Would you like strange earth? Would you like, uh, uh,
Alien humanoids. It's like all this stuff that I didn't know existed because part of the problem with reddit is
Yeah, there's so many subreddits. It's impossible to sort of just like know which ones have the content that you want
Reddit sees what you're into and then it feeds you stuff that it thinks you might like and that's what
Upvoting and downvoting and things like I mean, no, I'm not not knocking it. I guess I'm just
You should knock it. It's all fucked up. Oh, no. I mean I do this. I mean
Technically, I do the same thing on tiktok. Like I see a tiktok. I like it
Yeah, we do the same thing exactly we created a cream
Al go on tiktok by doing the exact same they're doing the same thing. But yeah, I guess yeah
R slash 9 11 owners exactly like there's just there's a subreddit for everyone and um, it's unfortunate china owns
I think I the yeah, I think on reddit. It's a little hard for me to understand. Um,
But tiktok for sure I get my a lot of information from tiktok like I think honestly tiktok's the thing I use the most
Um, yeah, and I think that's just how it's gonna stay. Are you losing sleep?
Because I am
From tiktok you ever wake up. Yeah, do you ever wake up 3 a.m?
And just start scrolling tiktok because you're worried like you're worried about something and then you go
Oh, I'm just gonna
No, you know what I do if I do wake up at 3 a.m. Because I don't know why I can't sleep
Uh, I do scroll on tiktok to put me back to sleep
Tiktok actually at the moment helps me go to sleep like a screaming lullaby
I think like what yeses in the chat here
I've been like scrolling and I get tired. Maybe it's like the activity in my brain
Or something and then I just fall asleep
Yeah, um, I'll tell you this. This is not healthy. My sleep pattern has been the unhealthiest. It's probably ever been in my life
I used to never have trouble sleeping
um, so now
Not only do I have trouble sleeping, but um, I've got that eye mask that has the bluetooth speakers and so, um, I'm playing
documentaries
all night
on youtube and just like
Hearing it. You need you need a back. You need a you need a background sound like a background sound
I never used to and
But like not just background sounds like like rainfall or waterfall stuff. I need
I
Too many times I've fallen asleep to Graham Hancock telling me that the sphinx is older than it
Everyone says it is because of the water erosion and those auto players are sending you straight to joe rouges
I don't think that's crazy. I don't think that's crazy
Um, you're gonna wake up and be like Marcus or really it's really has a lot to say when you think about it
my
I can bring my brother in to explain this to you guys, but my my younger brother
I I think from the sweet age of 10
Would watch game grumps to fall asleep and now so anytime he needs to sleep
He'll put on game grumps and immediately
Dan and Aaron's voice will will change something in him. He's knocked out
This guy is asleep. I should try that after editing their videos. I bet if I put it on after editing one of their videos for eight hours
The Lord their voices now have clicked something in his brain that puts him to sleep
Which I think is so funny and adorable
He he couldn't give less of a shit about the video
It honestly makes so much sense
If I hear the sas I listen to this podcast sas watch chronicles
So I hear people like give their eyewitness encounters of bigfoot to fall asleep to
Yeah, um, and if I hear the the uh intro or outro music anywhere else
Outside like when I'm my awake hours
I like something happens to me where I go like am I in bed like I I know I'm not but I hear it and I go am I in bed
Yeah, I have the same thing with what I've been an avid watcher of dashi xp
I don't know if you guys know him. He's a youtube. He's a youtube gamer guy and he yells
I mean he is yelling the entire time. He is just like I think he's hispanic or black
I don't really know but he's good dusk
Yeah
You guys can't hear him, but he is just currently shouting yelling as he plays he plays scary games
He plays he plays scary games. He plays um super mario. He loves super mario
But he is yelling like his initial thing is like what up
It's dashi and welcome to you know, I need this all this shit
And and like I
Truly, I mean that shit will knock me out and it's my brother
Crazy my brother thinks it's crazy. Like you could listen to this at night
And I'm like, yeah when I'm when I'm when I don't have cam over and I'm alone in my bed
I watch a dashi xp video
What's up y'all?
This is the most personal thing. This is the most intimate fact about you
Like I could possibly know is what you fall asleep. That is a crazy thing to sleep to
Yeah, I think you guys will understand me more if you just watch a dashi video and then you'll understand
You'll be like, this is why fiona's the way she is screaming gamers to sleep to
Dashi is like
Kind of like I grew up with this guy. I don't know what it is. I'm a big fan of this guy
I've watched all of you ever met him
We gotta get you to meet dashi, but you know, he replied to one of my tweets once like
Two years ago and I was like
I thought it was the first time I ever fangirled I think because I was like
I love dashi and I have so many mutuals with I could if I want to I'll meet dashi
But maybe I actually like not meeting him. Yeah, don't meet your heroes v
Yeah, I think I just like I love
When you hear
I like the way your mouth looks it's really nice to meet you. It's me dashi
That she's actually so nice. I refuse to believe that she has done anything wrong ever in his life
I you're shocked. I don't know dashi. I there's a lot. I don't know but here's the thing is like these things are so personal
You know like I know these I know fiona in case probably have never listened to sasquatch chronicles, but like if I heard
Uh west a guy who hosts it like or if I met him in real life, I'd be like, hey, man
Yeah, I just need to know I fall asleep to your voice like yeah, I've watched so many of your videos
I fall asleep to them like you're in my brain at night
Like I hear you in my dreams
It is that is strange. It is weird and I don't even know who you are like what is even your real name
I know it's not dashi
Yeah, what do you think like case do you have anything like this?
This is gonna sound incredibly lame, but well sometimes I'll throw on if I do the youtube route
It's this guy named creperion who plays hearthstone that knocks my ass right out
But more often than not I just play around of hearthstone and I'd fall asleep before it's done
But also this is this will sound like I'm just trying to be like, uh,
Actually, you should read but I do have I will read a kindle for like five minutes and that'll knock me out
Yeah, reading is good. Reading is like, what's up? That'll really knock me out to reading
If I'm like committed to actually sleeping and not unwinding that's when I bust out a book and I'm like, I won't last long
Yeah
Another another
Yeah, no go ahead. No, I was gonna say another trick I have to fall asleep
And I think I know it might sound stupid, but it really helps is counting down from 100
I'll fuck that. No
It is because you'll start you'll forget at what number you're at and then you'll go back to
I know it's a tried and true method. It's just it works. No way
There's no way I can be that that works for me
I go to bed. I fall I get tired
Side courses coffee that was exactly my initial response and I get
What are you a doctor from it?
You just count down. I have to do to sleep normally guys. It's very easy
You eat incredibly carefully three meals a day you work out at least one hour a day
You have all your finances in order so you experience zero stress during the day and you're in a healthy relationship
Where you never argue and then yeah and and to be fair to be fair
I definitely have like an iron deficiency and I should start a channel dude
They like I sleep I could sleep
Anywhere I can definitely like if I if I go lay down for a little bit and scroll tick tock
I could probably take a nap. It's 1 p.m. I woke up at like nine
Like what what am I I didn't do shit all day?
Oh dude today's it has to be a nap day for me, but I don't think I'm gonna get it in because like
I feel like I have to go get the dog and I like to nap right after I stream if I can but uh
Some days by the time streams over I'm like, I'll just stay awake and go make like prep dinner
Or like go cut up a salad but today when I was up at 3 a.m. listening to um
Guys talk about like reptilians that are like farming adrenal chrome from scared kids, you know, like
This is and then also being worried about my dog. It's like, uh, no not getting any sick today
Daddy's gonna need a nap tomorrow here. I am
Why are people so against naps here because to me I think maybe that's a very european thing for me
But like I've been napping since I was born like
My parents nap like my dad
There's the assumption that it is a european. It's like the american grind mindset
Is that you if you nap you're not being productive?
And I had an x like that right like she was like i'm not taking a fucking nap like i'm busy and i'm like, all right
Well, i'm gonna just like go lay down for two hours. Yeah
I love this case no cases there
No, i'm i love naps my parents have napped
Forever like my dad loves a little nap. I also think it is european because like in france
A lot of places in france actually will close at three and then reopen at five
Because that's and spain they do that too, right? Yes. Yes, I think they have like that's like their nap time
Like or like a reset time. Wait, do you guys want to hear the worst thing? I saw linked in a while
This is a sort of a hustle grind set
thing
Um, I have to switch the audio really quick so you can hear it. I think so you will echo for just a second
Okay, and is it worth it? I don't know but here we go
um, okay
Can you hear this v slaves worked? Do you hear that little audio snippet?
You couldn't
No, but I hear myself son of a beast. Okay, let me let me try this one more time
Uh
Slaves work
Okay, let me know if you can hear this
Slave you hear it low. Yeah, I think
Okay, well, you can you'll be able to see it actually. All right, let's just try it
Who's worked slaves worked all the hours they were awake for their entire lives
What in american history in egyptian history in the rest of the world that had slaves
Which is most of the world at some given point
I think like if they can do it so can I
that's
That's insane
That is not okay
He's wild for that one. That is actually insane. That is the hottest take
That man could ever make
Who who who is that? I have I feel like it's it's got to be like a parody
But I guess it's not like I my assumption was that that has to be some kind of joke
That's actually so insane
Dude imagine wanting to be a slave like how can you be so far off the
I'm sure do we was essentially saying that if like slaves worked so I have I can yeah, yeah
Slaves worked all day. So why can't I yeah if they can do it why yeah
Also, I don't know like slaves obviously shouldn't have had to work any hours. They were working
But I don't know if they worked all day like they did sometimes they definitely did it but also it's like
Yeah, that's not the I I don't know how that motivates anyone
I also love your being like I won't be successful unless I never stop working and never enjoy anything
It's like it's like a slave can do it. So can I it's like what?
This is one step away from like the cold plunge culture, you know
Like introduce adversity into your life because everything's just so splendid and going so well that like we've lost our edge
Or like let's just like get some ice water in the morning
That's like what's fucking wake your ass up. It was like looks maximus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Well, he considers that work when he's sniffing panties. It's uh, oh my god
Well, okay, I gotta go pick up my dog and uh, guys, thank you
It was good pod. Listen. What do you guys fall asleep to? I'm if you guys are in the uh discord
I posted some stuff in our cream team cryptid council a couple of the uh
Documentaries I've been falling asleep to recently, but I I would love your recommendations
I do find it one of the most intimate questions
You can ask someone is what do you fall asleep to or what do you put on at 3 a.m
I would rather ask
For like let me see your dick, dude
Then ask you sort of what you're listening to in the middle of the night. It's that intimate
Let us know in the comments below and this will be on the uh cream team youtube channel also also
Exterminator just posted conversations. He's had with uh, what the fuck his name is comedy zack asking who we were
And he's he has a very funny response about that
I wonder what app he was using. I could not get it to work on my phone
I think it's the messenger app, but he has a very funny response about kassam g
Oh, okay
I don't need I don't need to take it so good beating with my ego, uh today. All right. I'm already tender
No, it's fine. Okay. Okay. Good. Uh, you don't understand is it's funny. It's funny. Yeah, no that makes sense
Um
Case is gonna read your uh gifted subs right now send in your bitties your last minute gift subs your resubs scrubs
Resubs scrubs resubs scrubs. We will see you. Um, you guys good for the patreon tomorrow night
Maybe we'll do some lethal company and then patreon. You guys is around for that or
Yeah, I'm yeah for tomorrow. Yeah, yeah tomorrow patreon, um patreon.com slash the cream underscore team
Uh get access to that
And um, I'll be seeing you guys at 10 a.m. Tomorrow for the stream. All right. I might be streaming at three today
By the way, so
Hell yeah, all right. All right guys. I'll see you all later. Okay. See you. Okay. Bye. Bye. Love you. Bye. Bye. I love you
Oh my gosh, I'm all alone
What's going on with this with the size of my screen?
I'll just put myself here
Whatever this is
All right
If you want to stick around it's time to get things
R&B style because I saw it in chat. That's not a good r&b track. I need a better one
There we go
Yeah, okay. I like this. Let's do this
Where's the I guess there's been a couple subs today
I gotta thank them
You've been real good all streams, man
I like the way you've been
Occasionally dropping bits and subs
So I just wanted to thank you real quick
CV loves you and gave out a
community sub
Just want you to know
I really appreciate that
Mmm, bry west but trying to kill me with one bit. This is gonna take a while. I gotta I gotta
I gotta hurry up a little bit
Skymer 18 minutes ago two bits
It's gonna be here for two hours
This is trying to kill me with the bits bry west with
One bit one bit from brych. Oh, actually I skipped some
Uh into daddy one hour ago gifted sub. Thanks so much into daddy
Yes
Microphone 900 750 bits. That's nasty in a good way
Michael 13 with uh called for an expert in ai rooney
I will be switching to my news stream after this if you like that kind of thing stick around
Skymer with a hundred bits
dr. Cool
Community sub it's forever. Everybody's getting together on this
Every single one of you is getting it on this
And we love that dr. Cool. Thank you dag it on twitch. Wow
69 bits
You know that makes me say
Nice, nice. Okay. Yeah, tamtran rounding us out a nice round five subs
Oh, that's a good number of subs and that's what I like to see. Thank you tam day
Okay, and uh you uh
Uninfinimum damn. I'm bad with names. Uninfinimum in this
for the follow
Okay
well, um
I guess that does it guys
I also could have been could have done it in this face. Thanks so much for the shop
Yeah, all right guys a little fine piece of chat exactly
I'd love to see it
I'm going to switch over to a starting soon screen so that I can put down a green screen and put on
A news coat also known as a blazer
Do you feel like watching me do some news?
Stick around I'll be right back with that
Um, and in the meantime
I'll throw on my favorite thing of you know, I'm going to leave this r&b music going
That's what I'll leave that going for you guys. All right. We'll be right back. Give me just a sec
I'll stop. I'll stop with the r&b voice. I can't really do it. Anyway. I'm back. You might have just been here
You might have just left
without cast of infiona
And either way a good day
Goddamn this collars be an extra weird today
news collar
Hey everybody good to see a j-money paragon the jamaican dragon
Microphone 900 new graphics. We got new
Um, we've got chat in the corner now permanently permit chatted
Like about 100 thinking for the 750 bits
Collar popping tuesday
Yes, like we're in a frat at my alma mater university of virginia
Popping those collars
Uh interacted with them
Now we just need froskin whoever we're missing wait interacting with who
I don't know who you're talking about but i'm having to interact with anyone
That's actually not true. I'm happy to interact with many people
Uh, you still on twitter simulcasting? I think I should be
I think I should be on
Um everything so I don't think the stream ended
So if you're dying to watch me on twitter, it's an option
It should be at least
Okay, let me pop open everything we need to news
What's like there's some spicy news today
How often do you get your my hair did I need to get a haircut asap if that's what you're asking Dan, oh sweets
Um, um, I don't know why I'm inserting hair there, but I just feel like did makes me think hair
Popping your collar it was a look for a while
If I remember that was for me was in high school or college
But there used to be a lot of pop pop collared boys
Straight into the bin
We are going
For the news. Um, I think there were some segments requested
Call for an expert case. Does Fiona's dog have anything to say about this?
Shit that was during the stream, but we will check in with Fiona's dog now
Um travis if you had a particular thing you wondered what Fiona's dog thought about let me know because um
It honestly doesn't have that many thoughts
That's that's accurate. I don't have any thoughts
Because I'm a dog and I'm not supposed to my thoughts are nice and simple
Fair enough
There's still a still Pollard cut pop boys in your house Skymer. Nice
Uh, yes, so the name of the dog is what is it? It's Pepito. Did you forget?
No, I just knew you'd wanted to say it. I did want to say it
Wow little guys little guys running around in a movie. Yeah
Are you guys in movies?
We will go to the movies. Um
If you were an expert though that was called for I don't know
Just put a thoughts on taking pills to the bathroom. Oh shit. We were talking about dog suicide. That's a very serious subject
It's not good
to
What's suicide? It's when you kill yourself. Oh, can I do that?
Probably
I guess I don't want to okay fair enough. Yeah, I just um
Nah, oh, okay. Fiona's dog is proud to be alive. I'm not proud. I just am
I'm a dog. Yeah, I know Fiona's dog
Deep thought like good to like breathe and eat. Yeah, and that's pretty good
And I also can't sometimes I like to like jam my paws on things. Okay. I also like to lick stuff
Okay, so I guess for me it's a pass on death
Fair enough. I'm affirming life right now. I'm being affirmational towards life
Thanks, papyrus. I believe in yourself. Okay. I can never stop tasting things and breathing
Yay. All right. We got it. Thanks. You're you know, you are an expert. Yeah, I feel good. Me too. Okay
Fiona's dog you are valued you are loved. I'm a good boy
Whatever you are. Yeah, okay
Um
Happy to help travis
I'll I'll check in with papito's dog with papito. Sorry. Fiona's dog named papito a little extra this stream to honor this expert request
Because you know, I don't know how how deep of a dive that was heavy. I want as deep as I could. All right, that's fair
AI runy. Okay. Well, we'll do AI runy
After we go to the movies, I guess I guess we'll start with some movies today from live and sleazy a request for the movies
Um, let's see if live and sleazy asked for a particular trailer if I'm guessing it's in the trailer's thread
So we'll pop it open with our boy trend who's standing by live in the bin movie theater
I'm losing a lot of money on it was not a wise investment
Purchasing a movie theater for trend
So let's send it over there to try to recoup some of it. We never will we'll never get that money back
Yes starting this stream off right for once
blah blah blah
Fucking sad story this jerk off story that how about fucking stories that matter the stories on the
On the silver screen, you know what I mean. Yeah
Silver screen. That's what I fucking okay
Present tense no tense. It's a noun
Or wait. No, it's an adjective in it. So you don't even know
Anyway, it's good to be here. I'm chris. I'm his parole officer and he's here for community service
They know it every time I say it it doesn't make sense though. It makes enough sense
You don't have to keep saying it. There's a dune trailer
All right
Wasn't there already it's the third dune trailer. There's a dune three. No, it's the third
Chrissy, we can't get off to this kind of start man. We got to we got to communicate better
I agree on blood the way we communicate. It's not great
Silver screen for the silver fox. I thank you so much. I'm assuming that's for me. No, that was for me
I'm like a fine metal and I'm foxy as hell
All right. Look, can you want to watch the dune trailer? I do. Let's check it out. Let's dune it up, dude
Uh, let's see. There it is. All right
Oh, shit. It's got that sexy like little guy in it. This the
Timothy uh shamwile or whatever
Fuck yeah
Wait, this is the wrong thing. This has to be the wrong thing
I clicked on the wrong thing
But I'm curious now
Shit, this is pretty good too. Let's just give it a chance. What do we tell the president?
What the fuck
What
Oh, fuck he's gonna kill somebody
Dude, they could do that in the fucking 40s. That's crazy. Oh shit. He died dammit. He died. We live
What the hell
That's just physics
Jenny's in trouble. They're working for a Nazi. Well, who's who dad could do these you could rule the world. You touch one here on her head
I swear out
We've got the girl your rocket will come to us. I love her peeve. Does she know that?
She's gonna find out
Rocketeer
That came out june 21st. I'm assuming a like 1972 young blood that movie came out in the 90s
It's a classic the debatably and uh, it's got young jennifer connelly in it. Oh, that's who that was
Yep, how do you spell that?
Just you know, like it sounds but like how many ends
Why do you need to know?
Save myself a little time
Young blood come on man. Can we just not today?
I'm just curious how you spell her name because I'm a new fan now
You don't you've never seen jennifer connelly in any in a lot of films
the aberrant, um
other stuff
The one
The one where with the scene with the I can't even there's that she's in a darin air noski film
With a particular scene that a lot of people reference
Anyway, I'll do some research later
A beautiful mind. Yeah, exactly
He spelled career opportunities horse
Oh nice glad to spell and thanks for you. Thank you for the help spelling
Okay, I clicked too low
It was that was just below the dune trailer
But now the dune trailer's got a lot to live up to like does this have someone as hot as jennifer connelly in it?
Is there a rocket anywhere in this is anyone german?
These are all questions that are yet to be determined. So let's check it out and see what's going on. It's fucking it's doomed
It's doomed three and a while since you've had one of those nightmares
Tell me what was it about? It's only fragments
Nothing's clear. You've been fighting the harganins for decades
My family's been fighting them for centuries
Your blood comes from dukes
Then great houses
Here are equal what we do. We do for the benefit of all not very much like to be equal to you
Maybe I'll show you the way
Oh, shit. He's getting some
Deal with this province send a census fader author. He's psychotic
Yo, dude, I relate to that kid
Because he's just kind of low-key fucked up
You see possible futures all at once
And in so many futures our enemies prevail
I do see a way there is a narrow way through
That's narrow shit they have space agencies to the rescue
My allegiance is this is a form of power that our world has not yet seen
The ultimate power. I will love you as long as I breathe
Consider what you're about to do before the trend is
I guess I'm not prepared for what is to come
Which is apparently like
Big-ass sand eating buttholes that shit was scary, man. That would suck to be fighting that I would not like that
They're worms, but fair enough. They are a little sphincter like
Yeah, man
You know, it does look better than the um
It does look like a little bit of an upgrade over the original dune
original thing
But yeah, there was the there was the one that came out a long time ago
uh
Let me see if I can find a clip
I mean look, there's some things to like about this one
but
You know, it was a bit of a rushed job
The director famously not doesn't feel like it was his best work near necessarily
Let's just check out a moment from the original dune
Just to give you a little context young blood. I didn't ask to see some old-ass shit, dude
Why are you doing this?
Dad, you know, you might just be curious. Let's uh, let's show you. Let's show you this
The fuck is this?
Whoa, this kid this has like a young hot guy in it too. I'm relating to this now
Okay, he's being a little weird. What the fuck john loopy car. I know for I'm sitting with my back to the door
I heard you
Dr. Yui he's tweaking dude and gurney coming down the hall those sounds
What the fuck's wrong with his mouth?
I'd know the difference
Who said that what the fuck my father sent you to test me
Music then no music
I'm packing this
Huh shield practice shield practice that dude plays that practice this morning
I'm not in the mood not in the mood
Moods a thing for cattle and love play not fighting. I'm sorry gurney. Oh shit. Not sorry enough
Oh my god. Oh, no
Oh, fuck they're fighting in minecraft in real life
Okay, it's it's a lower than minecraft res. What's wrong with gurney?
He's not making this
What?
Oh my god, we're in the future
Oh, they're doing each other
Oh, this is brutal. Is this what seek what's even happening? Oh, there's a knife in there somewhere
Dude, they're fucking the they're the dr. Who things now too. They're darlings
What moods are for cows and fucking he already said that
Dude, that shit kind of he kicked ass. I don't know what you were talking about chris
Oh, come on young blood. You're always dogging on effects and stuff. You can't like that
Nah, dude, that was sick. There's two guys
classic man shit surrounded by
semi opaque cubes
So handling business like men
That's how the shit that's how shit used to be in the future past, dude
Patrick Stewart was 43 there
Dudes always look kind of old but also always look kind of hot
He's like, I guess he was born as like a hot old dude
Young patrick stewart. I need to look this up now
Who is young patrick stewart?
What is a young patrick stewart?
Dude, this is him young check this shit out
Secretly he was already old even when he was young
Okay, damn here. He's low. He like what the hell
Come on
I mean, obviously dude can get it
That's fucking straight gq, man
Like that's not my mind or like raw masculine, but like dude
I'll take it back for a while. He was young and hot as shit
And then he became old and hot as shit. I guess that's how that works
That is how that works. You know what I mean? Not you chris
No one thought you
I'm just kidding. I'm just playing I don't
I'm not I don't I'm not saying I'm
I'm not saying I am
Dude, you can you can shave that beard all you can like form that beard all you want, dude
You is no patrick stewart. I'm not claiming to be young but
Step one be hot as shit step two age
And stay hot
That's what I'm gonna do
What? Oh, nothing. All right
Uh, okay, let's see
What else is on the docket? We got one more trailer to watch
Before I hit my quota and then I'm done with homework for the day. This isn't your homework
Somehow this is community service. You could watch more than three trailers. No, it's in my
Community service contract and I only watched three
Um, Daniel
Oh, shit. There's a trailer just called Daniel
I know a bunch of Daniels. Do you think Daniels in this? Which Daniel?
Daniel mum kick Daniel mum kick the boy who works at uh hearties
Yeah, Daniel you've run you I go to that hearties sometimes
You introduce yourself to hearties workers. Well, if I see them a lot then I introduce myself, you know
You don't have to treat people like strangers when you see each other all the time
Dude don't introduce yourself to teenagers. It's just polite. I think it's fucking weird if you
Frequent in establishment. You never introduced yourself
To the to the people who work there now you're treating them like servants
Dude don't like fucking hit on my boy. Daniel mum kick. Anyway, I doubt Daniel is in this. It's just a show called Daniel
But maybe he's in it, dude. It's called Daniel. Oh my god. Let's just watch it and find out that
All right. I mean if Daniel's in it though, you owe me like
20 bucks we should go to hearties and I'll get a fucking I'll get like two burgers
All right, you know blow this to give this a shot
Can imagine
If you could ever capture life in a film
So far it's not I would like to introduce Daniel. Hello
He's a little boy Dan had these visions about this film
He was going to make all I do is I have a video camera in my hand and I believe that life isn't interesting enough
Story
Don't videotape me right now
Over the years dan traveled to 42 countries. He was genuinely curious about people
He died. I'm sensing death the plot line of my dreams. What's the biggest thing that we don't understand?
No, it's nature in the universe
Daniel collected something from everywhere that he went to remain his past is worrying me about dan
This is my favorite one so far
He's gone for a journey with bad waves
I don't think you should begin to think
You feel the shift of reality
I've been making that documentary for eight years. This is an unexpected turn
Oh, shit
we've had a look under the microscope
and this is
a cute leukemia
Maybe he's fine. Yeah, exactly. He's covered
I remember Dan saying
It's linked to my film
Put yourself in the position of the garage. They tell you you have six months to live
I don't want to find out what happens next. I want to stay here
I'm trying to figure out how to write a twist ending
Get as close as you can
Okay, here we go. When you are my age, nothing will be the same
Find the reason for yourself
It will shine in your life
As brightly as the sun shines in the sky
And most importantly
Remember that life is beautiful
Even when it is sad or scary
Look for that beauty
That made the whole trip worth it
Yeah, he was doing all that and still is I'll just assume that he's fine
My boy Daniel's doing great
Let's just not look it up and then we don't have to know dude for once we agree
Let's just not look it up and then we don't have to know
And he's good and he's still making like little videos or whatever
All right, we agree hooray
Not for you. You don't like feelings
Listen, you've got to be comfortable with feelings and those those as parts of being a human being
If you deny in yourself the sweet release of emotion you deny in yourself your basic. Oh my god, chris. Come on, man
Not everybody needs a fucking life lesson. We just got like three minutes of
Sort of a hot wire act. Uh-oh. What's gonna happen life lesson?
Watch a trailer called kung fu and titties. Is that a real thing?
kung fu and titties
I don't know
If we can watch this
Richard titties
The main character in the they the main character in this is called Richard titties
It is somehow a real movie
I'll just show you guys. I'm gonna show you guys
This and I just don't
No, it's a review and there's the poster
I can't I can't find the trailer easily
so
Bronson pin shows and
Bronson pink hot
I don't know who that is. I actually don't know who that is even
And I don't see the trailer and I think maybe it's safer if we just don't watch
Something called kung fu and titties on twitch
Damn. Well, we did already watch three trailers
I'll leave you with just knowing that kung fu and titties
Exists hold that in your heart
And let it see you through the dark times
Oh, shit live in sleazy found the trailer
Of course found it very easily
All right, it's a trailer
I'm just gonna check it for titties
Because then oh my god, this looks like it might be more depressing than the daniel trailer
Um
Okay, let's let's watch this
It's in case make partner
No
Oh, okay, then no then we can is that still a thing? I doubt it will ever be a thing
Then whatever let's just watch kung fu and titties
It's rated a for awesome. I didn't realize that was a rate rating. Oh, it's muted. Sorry
Wait, does it not have a sorry?
The audio is either not working or there isn't audio this video has no sound
The video has no sound
Um, I don't think it's worth it with no sound
Yeah, there's no there's no sound for me either and it says the video has no sound
Okay, well
Let's watch as much of it as we can stomach and we'll just see if we can guess what the sounds are
Okay, so far. All right, just imagine what he's saying. It's probably good stuff
Um, oh wait a minute. I have an idea
This will help our viewing experience and we'll watch it. We'll watch it from the beginning
Um, I thought the emotional piano music in uh in that Daniel trailer was extremely moving
And if we're gonna watch something without sound, oh shit live and sleazy find one with sound
How does he do it? No, this has no sound either
Either that or facebook is just denying me
Okay emotional piano music
Um, here we go. And he's lost sometimes in life. You're lost
But you never know where you might find what you need
Be it in the dark
Or at the end of the road
Where not
All may follow you even your best friends may just watch you talk
And not give a shit
but
If you stay steadfast
Then even in the hard times
You will find there is light amongst the shadows
And your primal nature can be trusted
Even as it is tested
And
It might be hard
It might never be easy
It might be a constant struggle
But when you believe in your strength, oh shit, okay, um, then
Um, uh, okay, good it is censored. Okay, good
That's unrelated to my to my um, it's unrelated to my narration. Oh, what the fuck was that?
But just know that the strength is inside you and it's always been inside you
And when your strength is unleashed, no one can conquer you be you a fool or a titties
And that's and that's and that's a movie
Oh shit
Stop it. Okay. Anyway, that was an attempt to
I didn't do as good of a job as daniel
Obviously, you weren't going to do as good of a job as a daniel trailer
As a man living his life his whole actual life recording the whole thing
You can't just play piano music and voice over the trailer for kung fu and titties
And have an emotional experience. I was getting close to feeling things
But then I got concerned that I was about to put a big old a big old boob on screen
Or maybe a or maybe an ass
Kind of did put an ass on screen
Also, what was going on with that crotch getting buzz sawed. I don't really want to know
My advice I if we were a review show, I'd say I'd give that one a skip. Well, you don't you haven't even seen
Actually, I guess I do consider trailers to be movies. So we have seen it now
All right, you know, we gave you a bonus trailer
A film that
Is so powerful to sound for it doesn't even exist
And that's all the time we're going to have now. I must be silenced like the classic kung fu and titties
I must cease speaking
But you know what it is and I will see you soon
kung fu and titties
I'm guessing that's
Sometimes I can't tell if something was like one of those old
software porn's they'd play on um
Cinemax back back before it was an HBO max or just max
Uh, or if it's just like some
perverse
old producer
squeezing out
One last cash grab
Or maybe it's both. I don't know
It's sometimes sometimes those movies have like a home movie feel but they're also kind of a porn
I guess maybe that's just all porn. I don't know. It's a weird weird vibes is what I'm saying
Getting weird vibes from that trailer
It's a bad comedy
Well, there's like bad comedies and then there's like
A barely made movie. I guess, you know, they they're not mutually exclusive, but
That was a weird one
Sex sells baby that movie sold itself all the way to a soundless facebook trailer
If somebody probably did make money off that movie, which is wild to consider
Uh jumped off gearless Joe Nomad a 25 stream streak. I just saw that notification for some reason nice
All right, the booba are important to the plot. Well, it's in the title. So they've got to make it mean something
All right, let's see what's going on in the news
Let's oh the fuck's list is up. Oh, that's exciting
Um, if you go into the back feed discord
Feel free to submit an image and any info you want
Uh about the person in the image. She could just be a name or if you want to provide more context. That's fine
Later this week
Or early next week the grunch will be making his annual fuck's list
And I mean obviously we don't want to miss anybody who's who's been fucking or not
Speaking of sex selling
Kung fu and titties is absolute trash, but this friday come watch the grunch make the fuck's list
You know what I do think it's better than kung fu and titties
I will make that bold claim. It will be better
than kung fu and titties
The movie not the those two things those two things by themselves are better than what anything I will do
porn company makes millions by shaming porn consumers e3 is officially. Oh, yeah e3
casey didn't know died Kanye West wears black kkk hoodie at album listening party
All right, I haven't depressed myself with the actions of Kanye West lately. Let's uh
See what's happening there
Um
And joining me to talk about it
Probably the wrong choice
But fine. It's chet. What's wrong? I'm always a good choice
like a
Like a coca-cola with ice
Chet will talk you through anything
Ain't look good doing it
All right, are you a Kanye West fan? I mean I'm like most I'm a fan of his classic stuff and also scoop the poop
His old stuff and scoop the poop or scoop the whoop
whoop the
Whoop did he poop to scoop? Oh, you're singing it scoop the poop?
I mean, it's a good look people knock it because it's people think it's just about poop
But it's about more than that. It's also about scoop Dean whoop
He's really trying to speed run the end of his career. I mean he keeps
Maintaining some
Relevancy somehow. All right, I guess people are just always going to be curious what he's up to
I can't imagine caring about
I guess I guess if he released a track
I would honestly probably be curious a little bit, but I haven't really listened to his last several
Major releases. So I don't know. I'm pretty tired of the guy. Well, you got to give people a second chance
and a third chance
Up to 300 chances if you're famous enough
A lot of people only get a second chance
But if you are an international celebrity, you've earned the right
To gain genie your life and type in the infinite chances code
In someday case, maybe you'll get to that level, but sadly you're nowhere near it currently
You're still on just two chances to be clear
That's fine. I probably don't deserve more than more than two chances
Well, but Kanye is on about chance number 55 currently, but you know, he's still got about 245 chances left
So let's see what happened
Maybe it's just a misunderstanding
Uh, Kanye West held a listening party for vultures his upcoming collaborative album with thai dollar money. I'm
I'm not sure how to read that ming
my gun
money in
It's a sign. It's just the excuse you got money sign as an ass
Oh, that doesn't sound right. Okay during miami's art basil on monday night at the
Yessantric event was a controversial was as controversial as one would expect
During the concert, which was dubbed the vultures rave
West played a few tracks that have been circulating on x formerly known as twiter
over the past week including the backstreet buzz sampling everybody
And previously leaked new body
featuring Nicki Minaj
West also hosted some of his collaborators on the album including offset cadac black chris brown
freddy gibbs
And even kim kardassi han and all this daughter north. Oh, that's also his daughter. Oh, shit. She dropped a fucking track
Is she a baby though? How old is she? Looks like she's a teenager now
Oh, shit. She's ready to get in the game
Okay, if she's like her dad, then we got about 10 years to 20 years of good stuff
Oh, wait, no, but she's already going to be so famous. Yeah, she is probably already going to be real famous
Oh, no, what's that going to do to her brain? She's got her daddy's she's got her daddy's brain juices in there
You think she can handle it?
Well, she's also got her mommy's brain juices. So there's no telling but I have to say
I could imagine it being a challenge to be the daughter of
Of kim and cognate, but I wish her all the best honestly
All right, let's see how she's doing
She's better than you
I mean probably
um
She looked a little lost. Do you think she knew
What's going on? Yeah, I think so
You know, she's a she's a kid. She's a kid
That's good beat a lot of
Positions that you know you debatably haven't earned and don't have appropriate context for because they've all been
to you
But you know a lot of people are in those positions over life. I don't know. She's hopefully she'll she'll have fun with it
I don't know. It's really hard to see it as like a family affirming thing
Guess what the next picture in this story
Oh, no
He did this on the same
All right. Well, let me just I don't know if I need our content warning still a thing sure
Okay, content warning. This is a picture of the Kanye West in a kkk hoodie
Hood not hoodie just a hood
But it's black
Which I'm pretty sure is a thing they also wearing. Anyway, here's the picture just I'm warning you that's I'm gonna show you that
Uh, Kanye West where his clueless clan inspired hood at the rave listening
event for his new vulture elvin ty dollison
With ty dollison, but also brings out his daughter to do like a kid's bop
That is a wild move
To be like
Yo, I want you to drop out your your inaugural track. Maybe I love you. You're my daughter
Get out the butt. Keep it under 45 seconds because I gotta put on my fucking kkk hood and fucking
Rock the show
Maybe it's just style
Can it I mean
honest question
Hey, can you wear that? Is he allowed to wear that? I mean, he's allowed to clearly he's doing it. I don't think it's a good idea
I don't think it sends the message. He thinks it does
This is a weird photo too. Oh no
Oh, this is like a weird instagram style pic
Kanye West and playboy cardi
What is happening? He needs to be de-platformed in a big way
I mean, good luck. He's so fucking famous
But maybe I mean we got to run out of patience for him eventually, right
Shit though, he does have about 244 more chances due to being I mean, he's earned it due to fame
Yeah
I mean, it's just funny because he's so into fashion
Part of me thinks he just thinks this is a good look
It's not
I don't think that's a stylish fit
I the word of the word of the year is riz the riz is just a little off for me
I can't quite put my finger on it, but there's something wrong with the riz here
The pointed cap look the riz is off
He looks more like an executioner
Yeah, he does kind of look like
A kkk executioner
He's a black guys relate so is it anti-semitic and identifies with racist it is a big mess because he's
Said a bunch of wild anti-semitic stuff and I don't know he for a while
He once said that he was wearing a maga hat to conquer fear
So I could imagine him applying the same
Bizarre metric to this particular
Choice he's making. I mean, I guess you could argue that like a black man should
Be able to like a
satirically wear a kkk
hood
To make a point. It's just the the messenger at this point is a little untrustworthy
Feels pretty weird
Yeah, I kind of wish you hadn't brought me on to talk about this one. I'll level with you. I don't I don't love the vibes here
Yeah, sorry about the vibes the vibes are a little off and the rids and the vibes are off for me here
Is my official that's my official take on this situation. I'm not loving the riz or the vibes
Can he also said slavery was a choice on TMZ? Yeah, he said a lot of
He said a lot of things you sure he's only like 50 chances down
It might be more like he's he's had about 200 chances and he's got a hundred left
um, so
He's he is a hundred seems like a lot, but he's burning through him
So we're on Kanye watch for him to be out of chances
Just be careful, man. I mean we'd love to still be able to listen to
A college dropout
Just get please lie with us to someday be able to listen to college dropout and not and not feel
You know retroactive shame
Would be very nice if you could just do that for
For the people man do it for the people
Or just keep rocking kkk. We'll just see how that works out
Um, uh, yep
We have no retro. We have no
There's nothing he's gonna do what he's gonna do the BTS reporting about him at adidas headquarters in his long history with them
Of bigotry is eye-opening
Yeah, I honestly, you know
the out with the extremely outward facing stuff he's done is
Like there's just that tweet of going def cod five on the jews like I don't know
at a certain point
You just should ease off being famous for a while
Which he hasn't and he said worse things in that sense. So
I guess this is just par for the course
But hey the um the next generation's coming so
Don't punish the daughter for the sins of the father
Take her on her own terms. She does
Kanye West kids bop
and
It should be judged on those standards
And I for one am in support
of northwests
Attempts to do kids bop rap, but for her own songs
Kids bopping your own songs and it's a bop baby. I mean, I'm not gonna shit on a kid for for rapping
You know, it's uh, it's a weird. It's all very it's in a very weird context
but
I don't know. I hope she I hope she navigates through whatever mental maze. She's unfortunately probably gonna be in for the next
20 years
Thanks for being here chat. The fuck you man. This was a weird story
And I don't appreciate it. Okay fair and bring me out to talk about dicks
I do
Can I just be your dick reporter?
You basically are. Oh sick. Okay. Well, look, um
I believe in the children the children are the future and sometimes the future sounds
A little but not as good as you might want it to
You know, sometimes it doesn't sound like like classic by a while. It sounds more like bio. Uh-oh
Yeah, what the fuck chat? I'm signing off. Um, but
True north is my west
and I
Won't be going south or
east
I'll be
staying on the straighten
bop with the kids
And that's um
That's a musical prediction and next time
I'll be the news and I was shit
Phew I got through it. I don't think you got through it
Yeah, I should stay in my lane and just click on the dick stories
Those Kanye West stories are too much for me to handle
Chat that sounds problematic
Yeah, maybe be careful talking about kids being your true north. I'm
supporting the kids
Don't be can we not be fucking creeps. Yeah, we're accusing you being a creep, but I was it was okay. Well, I apologize
You're not a celebrity. So I am I get I'm up to 20 chances. Oh
And that if that counts is one that sucks because I need to I need to protect my chances. It's only 20
All right
The dedicated dick repression mentioned children. That's fair
If I'm covering a dick story, I will not mention kids. All right, I think we can both agree on that
Um
All right, well, you know Kanye West he's uh
anti-semi into another kkk hood
your top story
That's a good heart a guy just says the wrong thing from time to time. Thank you
Thank you for saying it so I don't have to you were about to say that I was about to say
I'm a good hearted guy. I just say the wrong thing sometimes
And I'm working on my sign-offs to make them better. I saw process
It's got to be a safe space for sign-offs. It doesn't have to be you don't have to do them
I'm a reporter. I have to do them
sociopath Ukrainian dwarf pretended to be a kid
What?
Um, activist ex-culture ceasefire and god's-during protests outside art basil. Oh, yeah
Mmm, make sign-offs great. Okay prisoner uses his penis enlargement to escape from jail
Why didn't you bring me out for that?
My bad. Now I gotta bring on Liliana for it. Oh, I thought she was in time out
Well, maybe she can make it through this story without saying anything insane. All right. Good look
Uh joining me at the desk to talk about a prisoner using his penis enlargement to escape jail
I could actually see this story being pretty depressing. Unfortunately
Despite the funny title
um
Let's let's dig in. Let's go dark feed today
Maybe it's funny. Maybe it's uh
Consistent human rights violations by a by a by a prison system. Let's find out together
Joining me to probably not do a good job talking about a silly honor
That is such a terrible introduction calling your shot calling me out before I've even started
Well, whatever. Okay. Uh, I'm really out of brass and Schmidt
And I haven't been on in a little bit cause case got worried about my hot tags
But I think that just as spicy as ever so brace yourself cowboy. Good to see you. Oh
I just you know, I thought the way you were covering the kiss and your death was a little weird
Don't get me started. I would really like love to not
Okay
Let's see
I feel very vibrating today. I'm vibrating at a higher level
There's just a second. I want to go into my I'm going to briefly meditate
In my dark room
One second, and I'm back
You were never left. Oh, I didn't know you just were staring at me
Oopsy
Well, I knew I was meditating. Anyway, let's cover this story
Prisoner uses his penis enlargement to escape jail. Oopsie. I'm not chat
Get set off the screen. I hit the wrong button. No
I want to do that. I'm not him. All right, here we go
Our prisoner uses his penis enlargement to escape from jail
I just am curious how he did it. I don't know disrespect to prisoners
I know disrespect to jails
No disrespect to jails. I'm just I'm playing both sides here
Got to get back in your good graces with my centrist opinions
You don't uh, you're here. Okay
Uh, Thunpat, my old, 37, I was admitted to the Bang Lumang Hospital and his genitals swelled due to his infected penis enlargement injections
Despite severe swelling, Thunpat managed to hatch a daring escape plan from the hospital with the help of his wife
Wife was on a uh
Uh
Quase one. Oh my god, that's right. Probably didn't 30 smuggled in a pair of steel cartons and used the tool to break the restraints
Chaining him to the hospital bed
Even the caseta was still attached to his penis. Ouchies and it's already swollen
Uh, he escaped his room before hobbling through the hospital courtals and taking the lift to the ground floor where he escaped
through the window
However, Thunpat's freedom
Was short lived as he it also might be thunpat. Sorry
A freedom was short lived as he was found by police 28 hours later
Hiding on the rooftop of the hospital psychiatric ward just 20 meters away from where he was staying as a patient
He was taken to the emergency room in poor condition with agonizing pain coming from his manhood where silicone filler hard been injected
Uh, John knows there he is trying to get away
poor guy
Why would they let you in prison?
get
Penis injections
um
I don't know in thailand maybe they would hear too
I mean, I've heard penis injections are
I mean my very advice would be don't get those. I don't care how micro your tool is
It's better than having no tool at all
I mean, I agree. It's not the size of the barracuda
It's how much money and power the teeth have
We know what you like Lillian. That's fine
As a runaway patient told assault is he was driven to commit the jailbreak because he missed his family
I had the penis enlargement operation before I went to jail. Okay. Now we're getting it
It became infected because I couldn't care for it
I just saw the opportunity to escape from the hospital because I wanted to see my wife again
Thunpat uh allegedly admitted to borrowing another patient's phone to tell his wife to bring the steel cartons
The official said a thunpat
Uh, we'll be charged for attempting to escape prison. His wife Osana has been detained for helping an inmate escape
Meanwhile, uh, Sahakron, uh, Peter Chan Naran apologies for the plantations
It's not my first language
Director general of Thailand's Department of Corrections said a committee has been created to examine the facts
We will investigate how the prisoner was able to escape as far as the two gods guarding the prisoner
They are also being investigated and we are expecting the results to come out soon
The work of both men continues normally until the results are released results of what results
Well, here's a sweet cosmetic clinic launched. $3,000 penis fillers
Just enough for great sweat pants season metro. What are you talking about?
Okay, I think I find the article I need to click on real quick
Can I do a second article? It's a follow-up on the previous story
Okay
Let me just update the headline real quick
Uh, it's troubling knows about
You know the conditions of prisons and the human desire for freedom and I for one stand by it
Uh, express yourself
in whatever way feel you you'll see fit
and
I'll shoot just what was the story there we go cosmetic clinic launched $3,000 penis fillers just in time for great sweat pants season
Is my follow-up story
Rip his penis. Well, we don't know it's just swollen. Oh, man
Well, maybe we can learn more about penis injections in this story. I'm sure we can
All right, cosmetic clinic is offering $3,000 penis fillers to help men pad out their girth
Lush for aesthetics has shed under treatment which gives me a chance to finance
their
Penis by using by now pay later to fund the treatment for five syringes of the filler
It will cost you 3,000 euros
Which is more than dollars. Sorry america
But the clinic says it's perfect for great sweatpants season a trend referring to the surge of men wearing
Gray sweatpants that show a visible outline of their penis
Is that a trend?
I don't think so. I mean, I know what they're referring to the phenomenon of dick outline
In sweatpants
It's a thing apparently from 2019
According to this vox article
The enduring endearing cult of gray sweatpants thirst
Wow 29. Oh, okay. I'll see is the appeal
What you walking with some those gray pants follows
Always the course of the past year. So everyone's gotten horny online
Oh, and that's just always true. What else can we learn from metro?
Kiddick wets by explains penis filler shots increase the girth of the penis by user utilizing dermal filler
Ideal for late patients looking to have girthier penis
hmm
Gray sweatpants season is a phenomenon where men wearing the clothing is called weather often has visible outlines of their penis shown in the trials
Well, you know, that's a real strong marketing tactic to try to claim that that's a whole season
I think that's just lazy dudes hanging dong not wearing
You know contained enough on the pants
You legit have some gray sweats on
Didn't know this was a thing
Well, go and go look in the mirror paragon
And see how much see how revealing these sweatpants are
Not all of the pictures I'm seeing when I when I google gray sweatpants are
totally penis-based
Just so you know some of them they're just in gray sweatpants
Like um
Like look at these fellas
All right. I'm looking
Yeah, there's a hint of penis for sure. I mean the pants are so low
They drop them much lower. We're gonna get the top of the penis
But I would say as far as dick outline. This is not really much more extremes in genes
And I'm a little disappointed. I was promised penis outline
Yeah
Oh the guy in the tiger hat has a little dog
I was good to little dogs there
Should have put the dog in gray sweatpants
I could have really opted as instagram to the next level little dog in gray sweatpants
Also hogs out this guy's penis is resting in an odd place. It feels like it kind of wants to escape
This guy's penis is possibly resting down here
Or is this a natural curvature of the pant and this man is a coward
He fears the penis outline and he abandons the challenge
Those may as well be genes
Sorry blonde sunglasses guy. I'm calling you out
You have found the gray sweatpants season challenge. It's a challenge
That's a challenge for me to seize that fucking dongs. I can't I'm not they're not
This is not living up to the hype for me
I'm sure you could google your way and find what you're looking for. Liliana
Maybe I will
Okay, anyway, uh, let's just for safety
look up
on youtube
um penis filler
Unsafe and see if people are saying it's unsafe
Life after penis enlargement surgery
Whoa, look at this guy
Micro pickle is an adult erection. That's only three inches tall
All right, vise. Let us know
I am dr. Ed Zimmerman aesthetic revolution Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada
We have 5300 square feet of fun
Dedicated to the safe delivery of aesthetic procedures
Apparently, I am tiktok famous as the dick doc on tiktok and we talk a lot about girth and apparently you name
He named himself the dick doc on tiktok and acted like that was everybody just forcing him into it
I can help
We have nearly 2 million followers who want to know more about penis erectile dysfunction penis enhancement girth length
Pryoprism moses parafumosis
That's about every topic penis there is and of course the analogous female procedures
But mainly guys although about half of our followers are women
Really ladies
I'm trying to upgrade your hubby procedures
Which involve making an incision and actually putting in a salastic hemisleve that is sewn into the length of the penis
So the penis is always semi erect which can be good or bad depending on the person's uh
Thought about it another way of treating this is we've way more boring than I thought it'd be a potential space between
The hydraulic shaft and then the skin that wraps around the penis
So by putting volume in that potential space hydraulic the drone fat or fillers
We can cause a more natural potentially looking penis
A more natural looking penis. Okay, so that's an interest that's a vegas story
so for the professional who
Walked in unexpectedly at home and found his wife in bed with another person
In addition to putting her stuff out in the hot sun and asking her to leave post haste
He decided he needed to construct a revenge body
And so when we did his high death lipo
We took all that fat and we put nearly a hundred cc's of his own fat fat slurry into his pickle
That was impressive. Okay. Well, I think we've seen enough of this man
Sounds maybe more like it's a dick butcher on tiktok. I'm a little concerned for his patients
I mean, I don't want to slander the guy. Maybe it's maybe it's safe
but
I'll lady all the tricks
With lady all the right all the right opinions in my opinion. Just leave your dick alone
You can buy a toy
It'll probably work better than a hundred percent of dicks anyway
I'm trying. I'm running. Uh, I'm running the mental calculations
Yeah, I'm all ass
But yeah, I don't know. I mean certainly if you have like a
If you really had like a micro penis in it and it was fucking with your life
I like the idea that you'd have options, but
I don't know that guy that guy was I guess he should be cut he works in the field
I guess why would he seem uncomfortable about it?
But he seemed a little too relaxed
About mentioning constructing a revenge body
For a guy who caught his wife cheating
Uh, so, you know, I just sucked all his fat out jammed it into his dick, you know, it's a real vagus story
That's a head of I I've
I've never heard of going to vagus
Getting all your fat sucked out and jammed into your penis and that does not stay in vagus bars away
That follows you home and now you have
fat penis
He's the Beverly Hills cock-tock. I mean, maybe his stuff is
totally functional
What the hell the next okay? We can't watch this, but I just want to point out the autoplay after this is 10 questions with the squirting instructor
Oh, I understand. I'm one myself
Well, yeah, I can't we can't talk about this on twitch
I'm certified
certified squeak certified gleek
any day is a week
Gleek
You know when you squat when you squat some from under your tongue
But imagine that
Yeah, I'm tracking
Anyway, I'm not really sure what we learned here
But
Hydrate hydrate hydrate now you're talking our lady holds the tricks
essentially, um
Look prison isn't easy for anybody and much harder when your penis is swollen and potentially going to like rattle off or whatever happens
When you get penis injections, so bless up to our boy in Thailand. I wish him all the best
I hope he's free soon unless he did something terrible in case maybe not
um and
Just uh try to try to learn to use your tongue even if you've got a massive hog
um, you know as I learned from
Uh the son of harry truman. Oh my god tongue play
Um, the the tongue is mighty. I was in the swole
swole and penis
Harry truman son
He was pretty old too. I'm sure he was okay
Uh, thanks for being here lilyana and we'll we'll have you were more acceptable today
In your craziness just by a hair. Oh, well, I've got plenty of hands to go around
And I'm happy to share see you soon. I'm lily all over us. I'm gonna
How long have I been streaming?
I might have to I might have to edit soon two hours and 20 minutes. Let's
Truman only had a daughter
lilyana
I was lied to I think so
Fuck me. I mean, I can't call him out for it because he's
It was old as shit. He's definitely dead
Well, you know, you win somebody lose some. Yeah, you know, honestly, it was a pretty good time
Okay, felt that's fine. You know small amounts of fantasies on the actual. Okay, fine. I don't I don't need the that's fine
Uh, okay. Let's um, you know, we have done in a minute. We have been to the streets
And I'm sure
Trip feels lonely on the streets. You don't know how the streets work. You put your opinions in chat
Trip bradstein finds them on the streets
Often, you know from exactly who you'd imagine when you were originally wrote the comment
I'm assuming so let's send it to the streets. See how trips doing
Uh, if you have any thoughts on any of the stories we've covered today
Or just life in general feel free to throw them in the chat and trip will in fact find them on the streets
And it's time for a trip on the streets
There we go
All right, everybody. It's me. It's trip brad. What the hell?
Who are you?
no water
Not sure what that's all about. Um, I'm not ready to talk to someone yet. So
Just wait. I need to get some opinions first. I'm trip bradstein. I'm out here on these streets
Getting your opinions and finding them live and in person
So if you have any thoughts on anything at all throw them into the chat and my little news nose will
Sniff them out here on the streets. It's good to be here. It's good to see you all
Why look at this. There's a little chat right below me now
May giving me easy access to all your little thoughts and numb numb numb numb numb
Feed me
Feed me more
Yeah, fade me more. Who the hell are you?
Just a fine
Okay, um
Anywho, how's everybody doing? I've been out here kind of on my own
For a couple of months case hasn't been using me much
But I kind of didn't notice because I just love it
I just happen to love it on the streets
I do this in my off time too. I'll just walk up to people. I'll say what's on your mind. So
Can can you like I'm busy. Yeah, I bet you are. Okay. I don't I don't get where you're coming from
um
Let's
Find an opinion real quick. I think I've got a spicy one coming in the tank
So I'm gonna have to ask you to pass on well not die, but could you move along miss? Oh, I don't know
I'll move right along. I I
If it's in you, I know it's just it's lost on me
I the only thing I love is the streets and my and my wife. I am married
The relationship's tense because I refuse to come home
But you know
Let's see who wants to talk to me today
There's some odd opinions out here. I'm sure for old trippy B
And I'd love to see what you've got to say
Hmm. All right. Um, let's see what this person's deal is. Uh
Hmm
Actually, no
No, I don't trust the look of this one. I need a different person
What the hell is happening? Okay, and maybe not that gay
um
Hmm
I'm gonna try to find someone to talk to out here. No
No
Um
What are these people?
Okay, well, I don't know what this guy's deal is, but uh, I can't ignore him. Hello
Uh, I'm gonna help you today. I don't know. I mean, I guess I feel like you should be free to do what you like with your own body
But you should know the risks
Um
And also understand that
You know men in particular can be very obsessed with size, but it's not the only metric for sexual appeal
So maybe
Ultimately the challenge is to be comfortable with yourself and your body and if you feel like enhancement can help that
Yeah, but what about like a fuck? Well, I was really trying to answer you in earnest. Um
I don't really know how to follow it based on what you're yeah
If that's what you want
Then I don't even know if enhancement surgery will accomplish that for you
You might just I mean you might give yourself a penis that when people say it see it. They're like
Whoa, but not like it a sexy way more like I hope they're okay
Well, then I guess go for it, but just know you might do damage to your
Penis are you like a thunder god?
Okay, well, uh, thanks for talking to me, buddy
Everyone is so horny all the time
I blame case
I mean who else could we blame? I do think he's the most reasonable person to blame for sure
um, okay
Let's see who else is out here. I I thought that that man would be more of a you know, uh
spiritual figure maybe a
You know some sort of future man instead. He was more of just an insane horny man
But he's not the only person out here
There's also this abstract entity approaching me. Oh boy. Okay
Oh my god, there's that trip. There's that trip bradstein. Wait a minute. Is that trip bradstein?
He peeped at me. Uh, yes that is in fact me. Oh my god. Uh, listen, I'm a huge fan. Okay. That's very nice to hear
Listen, um, my name is oliver kozlov
And I wanted to ask when will kind fortunes set me free
So I can quit this boisterous sea
Um, you're trapped on the sea
But I love this ship and I love the fight and I love to roar into the night
But the sweet home has been denied
With the one I love nearby my side
See hoisted hide the flag of love
trip
I am such a big fan. What are you? I don't that was nicely
Said I guess I don't understand what you're getting at
Well, I'm asking, um
Do you need me to repeat it? I probably not it was pretty long. Um
Something about the sea what's going on with you in the sea?
Well, I love this ship and I love the fight and I love to roar into the night
Okay
But what then what?
Well, um
My sweet home has been denied
And the one I love nearby my side. Okay. So you're from what I'm hearing you're working on a ship and you just don't like it
I guess that's another way you could put the chore
Okay. Well, that's a way simpler way to put it. Can you consider it a different line of work?
Well, it's difficult for me because I'm a
Disembodied face
You know, I they scrub the ship with me
Who do you love oxy clean?
You're in love with oxy clean
And you're disappointed you're sad that you've but you're well, they don't use oxy clean on the ship
Well, they use like an industrial cleaner
Hmm. Okay. Look, uh, my advice for you would be um flea you've made it to the park. I imagine as a
Floating soap you don't even need money. That's a huge assumption trip on this because I'm a floating soap
I'm a floating sponge face
You'll assume I don't need food or our sustenance or housing
Okay, I guess that is an assumption on on my part. What do you use money for?
Uh, I'll sort of the use of the the spread it around and see the birds eat it. So you don't use money. Well
Well, you gotta have a job, you know, or what are you even doing with your okay? Look, you're confused
Probably because you're a floating sponge. Just get out of here my man
Seize the day go find some oxy clean spray it all over your body and rub what you like
That's my advice get off that sad ship that's making you so depressed
Go find your lady or soap based love and do you my man?
That's a trip bradstein hot spicy take and I think you should take it to the bank
Oh my god, this is why I love you trippy. Hello, you really see exactly what I'm doing
I'm gonna go work on the ship for a couple more years, but someday
I think I could see how maybe what you're saying could work. But for now I better go
My name is Oliver goes love
Sorry clothes off
And I must I'm a sponge
I get I could tell
That you're a sponge. All right. I think we're full on opinions for the day, by the way
Our opinion docket is full of I'm assuming the spiciest takes on the planet
You know, I get confused. I get frustrated
But just know I love all these insane takes regardless of how mind-bending and crazy they are
I'm here to get your opinions
And I will do it
Until I until my heart literally explodes out of my chest like an alien and that's and that's a promise
That's an honest. That's a promise
Just so you know, okay, let's bring a who the fuck is this game? Oh boy. What's all right?
Hmm your side eyeing me, man
Hey you
Yes guy with a beard and white hair
Yeah, are you Santa Claus?
What because you still owe me back for that Christmas in 97 if you are
Not the kind of guy you want to mess with what why are you here? No reason. What do you mean? Nothing happened?
Okay, that's cute
What do I owe you for in 97?
You know what you did. I don't what's your name?
Boronora Toro
I don't want any trouble man. Just give me what I came for. I don't know what you came. I'm not Santa Claus
You're not are you lost? Yeah
You're not Santa Claus
I'm a guy in a suit in a park. You think everyone with white hair is Santa
They're not no
What's wrong? Are you?
Are you okay? Do you need do you need like a handler?
I'm strong as heck. Are you look like a strapping lad? I would not want to have to have it come to fisticuffs
I don't think I would come out on top, but frankly my man. There's no dispute here. I don't know you
all right
This can't be settled with words. It's time that I test you with a blade. I don't have a sword really
Guy like you don't you don't have a sword. I don't
Why would I I have three I I could see that
Why put one in my mouth?
That's not clean. I keep it clean
To fight. Yeah fight with a sword in my mouth. There is no way that works. It works. It works good
You should honestly like wear a helmet if you want three just like strap one to
your head
Even that's so silly. It's smart and it's good and I do it
I'm not Santa Claus. Okay
I'm keeping my
Eye on you. Did you just blink with the eye that you don't have? Oh, did I blink with the wrong eye again?
I mean, I'm sorry about your eye. That's fine. I lost it doing cool. Shit. It's fighting
It's fighting like a french guy. Okay
Well, thanks for being here Bora Nora Toro. That's
Yep
I'm not Santa. So we're good. I think so
I'm gonna head to my left. I'll talk to you soon
Got an eye on you or two. I'll leave one. He went right. That's fine though. Let's see who else is out here today
Um
Almost got I think killed there man with three swords
And really just jacked if I'm being honest fucking ripped to shreds
Quite a body on that guy and and a handsome too
Really fucking dumb though pretty surprisingly stupid. Um, okay. Let's see who else is out here today
This better not be Rob Elvie
I've banished him, but it looks a little like him, but then again, he looks like about eight different people
Okay, let's bring him out
Priya
Are you?
I'm coming back
Are you?
Are you a trip bradstein?
Are you trip bradstein?
No way
No way
Yeah, I'm I'm what the fuck
What is this guy doing to me?
Pepito come on man
We gotta be able to do better than this
Pepito, Pepito. I you're you're a sweet dog, but come on
Come on Pepito
You gotta help me out better than oh my god. No way
Are you
Are you trip bradstein?
I cannot believe this. I can't believe my luck
I cannot believe it
The
trip bradstein. Okay. Thank god it cut to me
Yes, I'm him. I'm trip brad. Wow trip Jeff
Blay he here and I am absolutely
saddened
That e3 is gone depressed
Oh
No
Okay
Where am I gonna?
Where am I gonna get hordes of advertisements, you know for predatory gaming companies?
Um
I uh, I'd imagine that the game awards or something. Oh, maybe um
What will happen? Well, here's a question. You ever think about this think about what what we'll have it in both babes
They'll be unemployed. Um
Babes will always find work. I wouldn't worry about the babes. Well, seriously though
What am I going to do?
There's gonna be an entire month of nothing for me
Yeah, nothing
What should I do? What do you do and you got free time?
You seem a lot like rob elby, but but I guess you're definitely Jeff
Blay
Blay he lately
Yeah, well, anyway, we have free time. You could play games
Isn't your whole career about games? Ah
Sounds kind of fucking stupid and you got to play you don't play them. It's
Not for me really
I'm more about the babes and trailers
They got those poor booth babes out there and they're called. They got no booth
They're out there. They're out there
Dressed like tifa from file fantasy
But even more revealing
How do you get much more revealing than that outfit? There's ways
All their skin all their soft supple skin exposed to the cold of san diego
Not that cold. That's got pretty chilly at night
You don't even care. He's trapped. Are you trapped, man? I've
The middle of the conversation. I am obviously him. Oh my sorry. I just
Snap back in. I'm a big fan. So I feel like I got rid of rob elby. No, I've got Jeff
Lately lately where
Where are people gonna dress like up like bayonetta? I mean just at any other con
comic on any con
Just on instagram. No, it's not this same man. I thought you'd get this
I really thought you'd get this
But I'm not disappointed because I'm a fan and I've this is what I I expect the unexpected from you trip
But I would just ask you to really think about these booth babes out there freezing their little
Or huge nipples off by the nipples
Why not that's why you're not worried about booth babes nipples. I was wasn't my first thought
What if it's a really one of their huge nipples and they're cold? Why don't they be huge? I don't what if they are
All right. Well, thanks Jeff. Um, I'm sorry for the rough of the rough luck
Just uh, we'll focus on the on the game awards or whatever other grift you're doing
What does it grift mean?
Um, it's like a ship to success. Oh
okay
great, well big fan
and
I'm not rob elvy
I'm jeff bladeley
That's fine. Sure
Sounds and looks well, I don't know what he looks like. He's a man of a million faces and he could be hiding amongst us anywhere
Let's see who else is out here
We've got a few more to get through today and I just saw one more come in
Um, I think this is the last one I can take though or I'll be here. I'll be in this park all day
I'll be in the park all day. Anyway, I don't leave. I live in this park in case that hasn't been clear
I say it a lot because it's true. All right. Um
Let's see who this guy is
Uh
Oh just in time for the christmas season. It's whatever this is
Let me tell you let me tell you
Let me tell you trip
Just let me tell you
Honestly trip. Let me tell you after I started getting my monthly fillers
My life changed. Oh, what who are you? Listen up trip. Let me tell you
Started going weekly to underground fight sex club each month my turgid trunk
Maximizing to dominate weapony climbed up the ladder of the mixed fight sex club rankings. Let me tell you trip
What are you talking about? And for the past 14 weeks, I have been the fight sex club champion due to my field phallus
I don't know. I don't have context. Well, my fellow phallus is filled and heck. I even changed my name
I used to be waltz whimmers. You should try it trip. I get ya
I'll get ya out of the business and into the fight sex clubs trip. You gotta give it a shot. Let me tell you
Is this a monster from lethal company? Are you do I need to like stun you or hit you with the shovel? Whoa, what?
I'm just extolling the virtues of absolutely stuffing your junk with a good fill
Okay, that is fair case did talk about that at length today is cause he can't resist. Um
Well, I'm glad to hear that you're feeling like it worked out for you. I mean again
I feel like there's a lot of risks associated with injecting your penis with things
But um as long as you know if it makes you happy
It's probably okay
But maybe not I tell you well tell me tell you is honestly for me. It's only worked out and I'm the champ
Also, what the hell is a fight sex club? You
You fight the fuck
What you know you winter fucks
Each other nah, well, maybe depends who wants to fuck
But you can't fuck unless you fight. Yeah, it's a fight says if uh, yeah
Let me tell you man
There's got to be easier ways to not not more fun ways
But there's got to be easier ways to fuck though there are but not more fun
It's like when you play chess
But you punch also you ever played punching chess. You mean boxing chess
No, yeah, I play I play punching chess
Okay, well, um
Yeah, that sounds more like a sex fight club
If you said it's a fight sex club. Yeah, you fight
to fuck
You don't sex to fight. I do that too. Oh really you got a fuck or you can't fight
Hmm, okay. Well, I'm glad you found a community
It's mostly me right now. Oh
What does that mean it's mostly me
But I'm gonna get more members
Let me tell you man. I'm gonna get a blend
Okay, um, well, thanks for talking to me. What you said your name was walt winters used to be
Not something else. I'll get out of your hair though, man. Consider joining
It'd be it'd be great to have someone else to fuck after the fight right now. It is just me
The road to the championship is never easy and he's walking
The path of the fight fuck champion
Godspeed
Man with turkey for head
I mean, who am I to judge? I just talked to these people on the streets
And so I don't even though I do
Let's see who else is out here. Who wants to okay this great. Let's see who this guy is, uh
Um
One second, uh, okay, let's talk to this
Hello who's coming in
right now
There he is. Okay. Uh, nope. Not I can't show you that one
Can't show you that one did some odd things to the coloration of the face. Um
We'll go with this one. It's a little safer. Okay. Here's a guy. Sorry. What's uh, what's happening? What's happening right here?
Hey, uh, this is captain price
Not my grandson john from the modern warfare trilogy. I gotta say
Can I talk? Um, yes. All right. Hello captain price. I gotta say I don't like how activation portrayed my grand
son in modern warfare 3 specifically, you know, since they had to do questionable things
What they have them do
I saw um, uh squatting on guys up in donald's. Okay, he's camper
That even a thing in modern warfare it uh, he was doing it and um, I think you think every character is your son
So much grappling hook so much grappling hook
I'll hook that grapples. Okay. Well, I'm sorry to hear that that happened to you captain price. Um
Um, exactly. It's a different kind of war. I feel like they're just putting my son out there so much. I don't think most people
Associate you that strongly with a modern warfare franchise. Well, you clearly haven't played that. No, I talked to a lot of ghosts. Really?
On the other side?
Fine. What'd you say? My second great teacher
Lepinsky
That's all you saw. That's the only other one I've run into so far
My second great teacher miss Lepinsky and we don't get along. That's what the afterlife. Well, you're also here. Well, yeah
I'm on the mortal plane, but on the ethereal plane
It's just me and miss Lepinsky
And she's a real battle axe. Okay. Um, honestly, if there was a camera and someone could film it
We get into some argument center
Are you pitching a show to me right now? I want to watch shows two ghosts. I just can't
Okay, uh, terror Lepinsky the olympian was your teacher olympics after I died. What did you die?
She's your second great teacher. She should be older than you
Look, I'm a big fan. How are you a fan? You just said you're a ghost
Well, you know, I come to the mirthly plane and check out the show. I'm a big fan
I mean, I know you get into it with your guests. You get into it
Well, you know, we're just on the street sort of bickering about a name insanity
Is that kind of getting into it? It does and then I'm a big fan of it. I'm gonna zoom out
I'm flying this little guy next to me
All right, this is mine. He has a little
He had a little
passenger plane a modern jet
Okay, uh, that was captain price apparently
From the past now a ghost in the present and in the future. Who knows?
Okay, everybody, uh, the streets surprisingly do have a lot of ghosts
So he's not gonna get to me just by playing that ghost card. Oh, I'm supposed to be impressed
Like I haven't seen a spooky specter before absolutely try to shiver my bones right out of my body with frights
Not happen into trip
I'm a little too on top of it for that and I thank all of you for being on top of me
Straddle me opinion daddies because I'm not afraid to take your opinions wherever you want to put them
And you'll put them right in the chat and I find them out here on the streets because that's what I do
I'm mother fucker trip brad scene. You know, I'm never leaving and I'll see you all soon. Bye everybody
Opinion daddy. Oh no the hair the hair is getting slightly crazier as the stream goes
Let's debate something and then let's get out of here for the day. Let's end it on a debate
Munch getting into some troubling territory yesterday claiming his new thing is
Horrassing crumb at work. I still am looking for an HR person. I could just send Pepito
You know what?
Maybe I could have crumbed the day off
And he was called as an expert earlier
I send you down to fill in for crumb today Pepito and you debate munch
While doing HR with him
Does that sound?
Does that sound fine to you? I mean honestly, I think crumb would appreciate the time off
uh
if you're
If you're down Pepito
What that's what what's happening?
Oh, there's also an ai rooney request. So this won't be the last one new HR rep should be tommy bidet a human toilet
I mean
I do have tommy bidet a human toilet on standby
Um
So, I mean, I guess I could call in tommy. I feel like he's a little
I feel like he's a little overqualified of anything. I mean, I'm happy to know it man. Um
I mean if you need someone to do HR, I'm happy to do it. Um
You know what?
We'll have you talk to munch later
We'll have you talk to munch separately. I mean if so, I'm hired. Um
Yeah, you're a new HR guy. Oh perfect. I
Could really use the work
Oh really? I thought you were so busy tommy
Uh, I mean
Not with the kind of work I aspire to
I mean, I'm working
I'd say over time
But I'm leaving it's not a work you most people would enjoy. Oh my god. Are you
You're working as a toilet again. No, I'm working as a tax attorney. Oh, okay. Um
You fucking got my ass. I fucking got your ass, man
Okay. Well, uh, let's send it to munch and crumb
Keep an eye on them tommy bidet. You're our new HR guy. Oh, that's an honor to continue this kind of work
I'm sure and um, if you see anything untoward
You don't be afraid to call them into your
toilet office. I
It's a bathroom office. Okay
Let's send it to munch and crumb
If you've got anything you want to see them debate throw it in the chat or if you want to demand a specific debate
Feel free to drop those points
Um
And they'll they'll they'll talk about anything guys. They'll talk about anything
HR rep. I don't even HR rep
The only thing I are is a winner
And you can't spell win with an h otherwise you're saying it all weird you're saying win
And now I've checkmated the whole HR system because I'm the best and I'll continue to be I'm of course
Ralph munch cut zoom it weigh the fucking on me bring it so close to my face get him out of the frame give it up for me
Yes
My thin ice
Everybody's talking about how you need a thousand chances or whatever it old you get a second chance
I take one chance and that chance is on myself and chances are
I may ain't never fucking losing and that's a proven fact joining me unfortunately
Is this fucking sad sack buffoon whining for a fucking manager?
Oh help me. I need an adult. It's crumb. I didn't even ask. Well, you're bright today. I've looked fine
I didn't ask for an HR rep that was case just noticing for once your behavior
Um calling it like it is and I'm hoping bringing in a professional
To talk to you about, you know, whatever is going on
with you
The only thing that's going on
Is that I feel good. I mean if anything you were harassing me yesterday calling me daddy
It was a tactic, uh
because you were attempting to
Psychologically angle me into some sort of submissive state by sexually harassing me
Are you gonna start doing it? I'm not no
No
Okay, good. I'm not
I never did you you I you did it yes
I didn't really you're taking everything I said out of context and you can't take a joke is the problem
And that's an ironclad defense. You're just doing more classic harassment
Well, I'm a classic man. Remember that song?
Barely
Anyway, if there's anything you want us to debate today throw it in the chat
Happy to talk about anything unlike some people. I ain't afraid of words. I ain't afraid of feelings
Well, I'm glad to see that you're not afraid to pull your wig down for once. Looks like your hair is back. Okay
Somebody's so upset that I have a luscious head of hair
Beautiful mane of power that's never lost its lustrousness for even a second. It's okay
Uh, take the elk rum. I'm taking
I'll take the el train to the library to look up facts to crush this man with how about that kind of l
Pathetic pathetic your attempts to twist words to make yourself look good. You just don't do it right
You know you you you see a word taking a right turn you take a left you smash into a fucking wall of stupidity
That is your brain
Take anyway, if anybody has anything they want to see us
And they want to see me absolutely eviscerate this man with any topic throw it in the chat in the meantime
I'm just gonna play this song as I can
I'm just trying to get a cheap pop
out of the Beyblade song
Nothing cheap about it. What's cheap about Beyblade?
Um, I think your chat is actually frozen
Shit this fucking chat app broke
That dammit. All right, here we go. Uh, now it's working again. I just had to reload it
Anywho if uh, if you got anything you want to see us debate throw it in maybe what we should debate is um
Why you think it's acceptable to the little people that you've worked with
for months at this point
I thought at some point we would ease into some sort of
Reluctant friendship and I'd say we're miles away from
Even being able to tolerate each other. Oh, sorry Kendall's calling me
Kendall's calling me just one second
Sorry about that. Sorry about that. I should call from Kendall. Why are you talking to Kendall?
And why'd you stop the music?
Are you crazy?
Well, I couldn't hear
I couldn't hear you killed the music
Um, that's better fucks miss or x miss
Fucks miss or oh
It's not a real holiday
It's not a real holiday. Well, it's not the way you do it
White guys
To paint white guys with asian wives
That might be a little too close to home for case of jump point. Oh, oh, okay
Not sure if that's
Not sure what you're not sure what you're saying there
I don't know what to make that's sweeter actually troubling to shake. Um
You know correct Kendall had crumbs number when did the christmas decorations come down day after
or
After new years after new years give yourself a break. What are you some kind of fucking?
Anal retentive Santa Claus, you know, okay. Well, I mean I think
I think it's fair. Yeah, let's go ahead and debate this. I wanted to be fucks miss
But I don't want you to beat fucks. I wanted to beat this because I think
You need to cordon off when christmas is celebrated to make it
More exciting when it is so I say as soon as christmas is done
You know, you don't want it like a shad pumpkin laid out in november
Just rotting for the kids to walk by and point at that's how I see a christmas tree
Honestly midnight on december on december 24 25th
That's psychotic
That's totally psychotic and I will absolutely debate this with you
We have a mod in chat that doesn't mind making that
Decorations down day after christmas or day after new years and uh end of january
I'm fine with that too. Honestly fucking leave it to february covered in little hearts making a valentine's day tree
You're being crazy
I can't help it if I'm we're all a little crazy sometimes. There's a poll. All right
Look
What are we?
Are we kill joys? Do we have we forgotten how to have fun in this country? Are we so scared?
Of the holidays. It's fine to call christmas the holidays. Oh, well, I guess we're not debating that. No, thankfully we're not
Debating that I probably call it christmas. I call every holiday in december christmas
So to me it's non denominational
When you celebrate Hanukkah, you celebrate christmas when you celebrate Kwanzaa. You're celebrating christmas
That's offensive and stupid
Call things what they are
We're debating when the christmas tree comes on you're getting in the way of my point as usual trying to stifle me
Keep me from talking
With those curvy ass lips yours. Oh my god. He's starting to do it again. No, listen the point is
Fucking relax folks. You're allowed to enjoy the holidays
You're allowed to enjoy christmas to reach yourself fucking kick back with a bunch of fucking pancakes and hot chocolate or whatever
Don't take that shit down. Thank you. Leave it until next year
Why the fuck not then you don't have to put it back up
Just push it into a corner
You're probably living a huge mansion like me and you won't even notice it
Just slam it in a corner drag it out next year now
It's sort of christmas all year long with your little corner tree. Well, that's
Gonna look terrible again if every day is christmas. No day is christmas
The whole point is that the holiday is special and nothing makes it more special than a reasonable length of which uh
The holiday decorations are out
I put out holiday decorations 10 days before christmas
I take them down as soon as christmas is over during those 10 days
It's a wonderland a winter wonderland of fantasy that lives in my heart and every year I look forward to those 10 days
But if like some slovenly cave man, I left my tree out all year long for the world to see
I would be no better than a barbarian. What the hell? Why is bothering you so much?
A fucking one
Trying to belittle people that just leave their trees out a little too long
That's disturbing man. You you should apologize for that. I what it's just was a debate. I just got fired up
I'll tell you what fired me up. I fucking won
Two in a row
200 in a row basic. I mean
Two i've won i've won two in a row. I've also won all the other ones, but two in a row
I won three in a row right before that show you don't see me
You don't see me talking about how about that you're currently talking about
All you want for christmas is munch. Well, I apologize. You're basically getting
I don't know. You could get something worse than coal in your stocking
Watching you laugh
It's like watching a baby drown
You should never do it. You should remove joy from your emotional expressions
You should just be a swollen face
A resigned face a sadness at the state you're in
I can't help it if I make myself laugh. I can't help it if daddy's got jokes. Oh
Stop saying daddy. You were saying it yesterday. Oh wait, I was saying
You're not even making sense. She's not even making sense and thank you. Thank you for the hundred bits
I
Earned that with my victory. Well again, I'm capable of recognizing
When other people win it doesn't terrify me the prospect of occasional defeat and that's again
That is why you never win. I I won 64 times actually and and rising and again. I am I am catching you just so you know
I'm catching you and it
It will be exciting to see what happens when I when I do catch you
Which is gonna happen just so you know, it's just you know, I'm within I'm under 20 away
So just so you know just look forward to that look forward to me catching you
I don't like you looking at looking at you like what?
Like you looking at me like that look what?
um
I thought maybe he'd look better from this angle, but no he looks he looks just as bad
Look folks, uh, don't get upset just because you have to look at him. I
Won and that's all that matters. I will continue to win
Obviously keep your tree out as long as you like. This is america
You could fucking make your whole house out of christmas trees replace all your furniture with christmas trees
I'm just rolling around in a bunch of pine cones all year
Do what you want go sicko mode on christmas. I don't give a fuck because I believe in freedom
Unlike some people who basically
Um, they want to put you they want to fucking put you in a camp and like and they don't want you to have any rights
And that's crumb. Uh, that's I'm just saying it's a it's a just a matter of taste
Obviously people should be allowed to have three out as long as they want you call them barbarians
And I and you don't feel any guilt for that
I
Okay, I am sorry if I made anyone who leaves her tree out past christmas feel
Lesser than it is a matter of and and not your apology
And now I've made you apologize again
Do you see what's happening here? Do you see can you just admit that you're not as good as me?
Can you just sort of
Actually feel that in your soul for a minute that you were just never going to be as good as me you're worse than me
You were a worse person than I'm such a better person than you. It's crazy. You are the worst person I've ever met
By a landslide
You are just you are just a but you are like a fucking stinky ball of cheese
That's the best you can do. I'm a stinky ball of cheese
I just I'm on a loss for how to describe how rotten of a person you are
You are like rotten cheese. Oh my god
Pathetic pathetic. This is the level he operates. You're a stinky cheese, man
Really say it loud and proud. You are you're sticky like cheese and I hate you. Oh, oh my feelings
You are a stinky cheese shut the fuck up
You stink like cheese. Okay, you're being you're being childish
And that doesn't bother me you
You smell like cheese on a foot
I don't I don't
Take it do better is what I'm saying do better. You are a foot with cheese on it
I'm not
For the record and I'm not bothered
I need a break. You don't we don't get one. You never get you kept it come every day
I need a break. You don't get I
I quit you don't quit. What if I quit would you beg me to say
No, I quit then
This is my last show
That's not allowed
That I guess you don't care if I stay so I quit
Contracts with you were not allowed to quit
So
I won't be here next time
You will be here
There's no way he's he's fucking kidding
You stink like cheese and I quit you're just being a he's being a baby when he is here next time
When he it's in and it's out and he's obviously him
just know
Remember this and understand how pathetic he is that he attempted to make me think that I would miss him
You will miss me when I am gone and I'm gone
Then leave
waiting
Waiting I'm still waiting
I'm gonna I'll leave next time
You're gonna fucking be here. Well, she
Okay, well look folks. There's no way
There's no way
It'd be great if he did
But he won't
He won't he wouldn't he can't he's not allowed
It'd be so nice if he was because then I wouldn't have to be here with him
You're not really gonna
You you do understand that you you um, you can't
Fuck's happening right now. This is my last show. Sorry. It's just so absurd
All right, look, I don't know maybe we'll see we'll see I don't believe
Totally
Exactly
That zoom took so long
He'll be back. He will definitely be back. We'll be back. He's cursed. He can't escape. He thinks he can and that's funny
But he can't we'll see y'all soon
I will never lose and crumb is not allowed to leave not that. I love him too, but he's not allowed talk to you soon
Jeez
I don't know if he is allowed to quit. I don't want to have to make new assets
So I don't think crumb's to quit
I don't have to make new assets
We'll see we'll see we'll see if he thinks he can quit on me
On me he can quit on much, but can he quit on me?
I made this man
All right, last thing of the day
It's an ai rooney. Let's see how it goes. Uh, let's see if
Let's see if the software is cooperating today
All right our proprietary ai rooney software is booted up and ready to go
um
Okay
Damn it. Let's get our ai rooney music going. What the fuck that's not it
This is our ai rooney music for now
Okay, so the way this works. I just need some complaints from everyone to feed into our proprietary ai rooney system
It will then generate flawlessly
ai rooney style complaints blowing your mind and mine
Um
My clock always says it's 6 15
Yours is broke
Shit, I'm adding that as a complaint
My clock is always broke
And it used to work. All right, if you have any complaints
Throw them in the chat
Crumb traveling, uh the rails with his little spindle stick solving problems wherever he goes
That could be uh, it could be a landing spot for crumb. I don't think he has it in a quick
We'll see
What's the deal with the bald headed debaters always quitting on you? I mean great question
Honestly, I'm surprised that that's what would break crumb. It was such an innocuous episode compared to some of the things he's had to put up
Anti-semitism in the bathroom. Oh shit, but anti-semitism will get flagged and it won't let me I'm just going to put um problematic, uh
Bathroom graffiti has gotten too problematic. Okay
Um
Youth hid mudded my shit
I'm going to put what tacy zero just wrote in here
And just see what the
See what our proprietary software does with that back in my day. Christmas was a day not a lifestyle
That is my kind of complaint. Comedy Zach is too hard to message and won't tell a single black joke
I'm gonna have to change black joke to a single
Um edgy joke or again, it will just it'll not generate unfortunate
Uh escaping prison isn't what it used to be great
And I oh we only need one more and I can tell that this software is fully loaded
Uppity white folk places got
wider sinks and toilets
I can't put racial stuff in here though. I was going to put uppity places
Maybe wider sinks and toilets will still throw it off
Bathroom privilege and it's bullshit
Oh wait bathroom privilege might set it in a weird direction though
What's the deal with eggnog and finally in my day fight sex clubs were ferment only
Yeah, back when they used to mean something. This is some high tech shit right here
All right, we'll close it with what's the deal with eggnog
All right. Thank you all for these important complaints
Our modern era has been lacking
Uh salient voice to express the frustration of modern existence
It used to be a visionary named andy rooney
Unfortunately
The mortal flesh gave way
Even if the mind still had so much left to contribute fortunately
We have coalesced that powerful mind into a brand new ai that can seamlessly generate andy rooney style rants
And it has done it currently and I call it ai rooney. Let's send it over to him. He's standing by
In his power cave
And let's see what he's got to say it's time
For ai rooney
There we go. Uh, there we go. There are a lot of know-nothing fools. You don't appreciate the modern art
Really grinds my gears
Let me tell you about the everyday irritations that just don't make sense anymore
Firstly my clock is broke
And it used to work just fine back in my day a clock was a reliable timekeeper
Now it seems like it's more trouble than it's worth
Than they're worth
Adjusting why can't things just work the way they're supposed to initiating music
What the hell
What's the deal with the bald headed debaters always quitting on you?
It's like they can't handle the heat so they bail out big arguments back in my day if you started to make you finish
It no quitting alone
And what's the deal with
Already read adjusting bathroom graffiti used to be simple and harmless now. It's all too problematic
Can't people just leave the walls alone and find a more constructive way to express themselves? I don't
Understand modern music
Yo, this music is my shit. What happened to lyrics you could understand and melodies that stuck with you
Nowadays, it's all mumble word and deeds that sound like a malfunctioning lender
The streets
Comedy zacker whatever his name is is impossible to message and he won't tell a single edgy joke
What happened to the days when a comedian pushed boundaries and made us think now?
It's all just about being politically correct and avoiding anything controversial escaping prison
Just isn't what it used to be back in my day
There was a certain art to it a thrill to the chase now it seems like criminals just roll up the front door
Where's the challenge?
And these up any places with wider sinks and toilets, what's the deal with that? Are we back in the age of
And
Let's focus on equal opportunity for all bathroom fixtures egg nog
What's the deal with that back in my day? We had simple holiday drinks
Not this thick overly spiced concoction. Can't we go back to a good cup of home?
Then in my day fight sex clubs were ferment only now it seems like everything has to be inclusive can't
And have their own spaces without it turning into a whole political ordeal
I just want to fight my human friends in a space. That's all men
In conclusion, let's simplify things fix what's broken and bring back some common sense to the world
Life was simpler when a clock just told the time and debates weren't abandoned at the first sign of trouble
Let's not complicate things unnecessarily. Keep your mind simple and smooth humans
I know this is true
Okay, we got a request for the streets. However, because we did it
Earlier in the stream. I'm going to save it for tomorrow
Um, but thundercats will kick it straight to the streets for you tomorrow
Um, and in case you can't watch tomorrow, it will also be on youtube and and a bot so
Apologies, but I do have to get out of here for the day. Otherwise, I'd be happy to streets it up
For a second time a two-street stream
We'll be back tomorrow crumb better be fucking back tomorrow or he's in violation of contract
Just saying this stunt not on my watch
Not on daddy's watch, okay, let's find somebody to raid uh
Who's still on?
Uh looks like we got a bruce green. Let's raid a bruce
Okay slash raid bruce
Yeah, there we go. Okay
All right, thanks for sticking around again. We had a whole cream team stream
And some bin and you know what?
We'll probably be back at some point this week with even more lethal company
I think we got one more juicy lethal company stream in us before we all
Kind of get burnt out on it
Maybe that was last night though. Yeah, if they really played
For hours after we finished
Because will was around and that's a lot
That's a lot of lethal company
Raid message. Um, what's he playing battlefield 5?
Damn, uh, ask him how we're recording with cast went
Maybe he'll say it went terribly
And he'll just talk shit about cast or maybe he'll say it was great. All right, everybody
You're the best. Thank you for sticking around with us for an entire stream. I'll see you tomorrow. We also have the
Cream team patreon stream tomorrow. So probably be on
some point in the afternoon
My usual wishy washy time
Um, and we'll see y'all soon. Have a good one. Bye