Thank you for getting I haven't put that transition back in. Hello everybody. I'm back in my huge
powerful news studio
Yeah, it feels it feels good. Happy Friday indeed. Good to see everyone. S1000 Big Fcw,
Gregg Tu, Junk Dog, Earless Joe. No, man. Yes, Sabrichi. Good to see you.
Doing a little evening news. I am, of course, now I am a professional lethal company streamer,
but we'll be doing that in about an hour. If you remember John Madison, aka to Daniel Spaniel
and the entire annual family, we're going to be streaming that. I think my friend Tim and Griff
are going to be joining us. Honestly, if any of you want to join us, you're welcome to.
Just no screaming certain expletives into the group chat, but let me know. I'll figure it out.
I'll figure out how steam works on the fly because that's how powerful of a streamer I am.
Anywho, I haven't talked about the news in a minute. I've been negligent in my news duties.
You've been fucking negligee, dude. And they look and it doesn't look good on you.
Those aren't the same thing, Chet. Whatever kind of necklace you're wearing is
inappropriate and you need to come back to work. I'm here. I'm currently doing, I'm going to do
the news. There's some segments that got requested that I couldn't do because I was playing lethal
company. For instance, I have to go to therapy and obviously normalize that. But be sure to
also normalize me being on the stream because I need to work. Well, you don't really have to.
I just pay you to not not to work. Oh, okay, then never mind. Okay. Thank you to the support,
by the way, some subs pouring in a little mini hype train during the prestream. Crazy.
Thanks to I worship shadow for the gifted sub microphone and 100 for the
regular drops of 750 sweet, sweet bits deep inside me as that strange voice constantly says.
And J money. Thank you for resubscribing just now. 12 months this minute one year
to the minute update from J money one year of that J money. I love to see it. I do love to see it.
I'm a busy boy. I did have I had to go to an office yesterday.
I don't know if what I was doing really counts as an office, but I had to I was asked to go to a place
and I had to watch a thing and it ended up taking all afternoon. So I couldn't stream.
Thanks to the gift sub to Fiona the other day.
We got the best cream team in the business. You want to not be subbed to any of our streams?
Good luck. Our loyal will force you to watch us. And once you're subscribed,
I think that's how it works. You have to watch us regardless of what we're doing.
And who's going on in the world? Robert Downey Jr opened up about being a serial
masturbator who rode penis or all it was worth. Is it a cult? I think.
Yes. Yeah, it is. Although I don't offer anything. I don't offer any kind of even comfort really.
It's a pretty bad cult, but we're still counting in this one. And we do demand worship. That's what
makes it a cult. If you're gifted so many subs you're forced to subscribe for six months.
That's what I'm talking about. Let's get over here so we can talk about a little news
so that one of us can get to therapy. Whoever chat would rather see in therapy can go to therapy.
But anyway, here's chat. Indeed. We's all serial masturbators.
I think on the inside. Yes. And that's the constant moral struggle is
should I be jerking off right now? And I just want to first off, I want to say that I'm glad
that you've come back with an important story that I can help with. And if I'm helping that
makes it an important story, keep that up. That's important information that people need.
Just like this that I've checked. Man's game news and masculinity expert.
And it's very refreshing to see is Peter given happy to finally he's in fortnight.
How did Peter get a fortnight deal? What the hell man? I'm assuming Peter Griffin
is in fortnight. And no one's proved that Peter is that Peter he looks.
Actually, he doesn't not entirely look like the cartoon. Yeah, he just looks weird.
RDJ was definitely keeping it up. I mean, apparently habitually.
You're a bad cult. We do a lot of crime. We aren't the good guys. We are the cult of cream.
And we will give we will give you gifts no matter what case that's
you're encouraging dangerous cult like behavior. I mean, that's also a positive and nice to me.
Listen, escape the grasp of this man and join the cult of manscape. You're just also that's already
a product. Manscape is like a popular, at least to advertise product. I don't think you can take
that name. The cult of Chetscape. That might not be a thing. Okay, there you go.
Buck the cream tea. Oh, don't say that. Pass on them. Come to the cult of Chetscape
where I will teach you. You don't even know what you're going to teach. I'll teach.
I'll teach. Okay. I've received 100 messages today. Why does restream inform me of these
things? But thank you for all 100 messages. It's a low bar you're setting for yourself.
I don't know. That's a low bar 100 little typies. That's a lot of types.
Okay, look, can we talk about the news? I see no reason why we can't
talk about Robert Donnie Jr's struggles. And there we agree. Normalize habitual masturbation.
I don't know if that's what he's doing. Well, he's talking about it and how habits form easily.
Holy shit. And to daddy. Good to see you. And to daddy. Nice to see you in person,
said this guy. Didn't invite me to his little comedy show thing,
but into daddy might have made an appearance and it was good to see you courtesy of him. It was,
it was, and you were invited. You just didn't come because you couldn't.
It doesn't sound right. Anywho, look, look at this. Look at this. This is the news.
I'm a masturbator man. Oh, but like iron man. I am masturbator man. And then all the senators
start taking pictures. That would have been an ending, an alternate ending for sure. Well,
let's see how this story of him ending, because he says he was actually opened up about, oh,
so he could still currently be, and that's an even more relatable struggle.
Chet was there in spirit. I follow this man like a banshee that he can't escape,
but with a sexy low voice instead of a high banshee voice. Banshee, that's weird,
you're weird for not making sure that I was there with you in your time of need as you attempted to
do comedy. Anywho, let's attempt to do the news. This is an important story again about guys who
can't stop. Even if you're rich, even if all the women in the world want to,
well, do they want to date Robert Downey Jr.? I think he's got kids and he's married. Well,
then, you know, even if every woman wishes that they was the iron woman or whatever,
even then, you can't stop masturbating. That's the struggle of being a man, because while the majority
of celebrities prefer to keep the ins and outs of their sex life personal, Robert Downey Jr.
is owning his ex-rated antics, and that's what we like to see. The acting megastar admitted that
during one stage of his illustrious onscreen career, he became rather dependent on the physical act
of self gratification. And again, it can happen in any field, which is why when you catch me doing that,
if you're doing it in the studio, then that's just unacceptable. I should have already fired you for
that. Or if when you do it on air, violating all the terms of Twitch services. Well, the ultimate
service is servicing yourself, except don't do it in public is the thing that I'm obviously.
And that's our struggle of learning and learning is always beautiful. And so we continue to the
starting sexual revelation comes just months after the Iron Man star was dubbed the most
unpredictably brilliant actor that his op-end
Hamer co-star Killian Murphy ever worked with. And that's a huge honor coming from Murphy,
who was in the show Irish gangsters. That's not, that might be a show, but that's not what he was
in Peaky Blinders. I thought that was just a description of what happens in the show. He just
peeks through windows and does crime. I guess I don't know why it's called Peaky Blinders.
Um, a debate has been demanded. So we got a, I do, I have to get through like a couple segments
and under an hour before we play a lethal company. So we got a hurry shot. I can't speed up the rate of
information. This is an important story that's going to require an analysis. The Peaky Blinders.
Oh, I guess it is called that front man told GQ following the historical blockbusters released
it, although they didn't get the chance to hang up. Nice. Together much on set. Um,
to hang up together. Who wrote this? Lad Bible. Okay. Then they can just,
they don't have to use normal words. That's fine. He was always left blown away by RDJ's performances.
A lot of the scenes I had with Donnie, it was quite loose and quite improvisational,
Murphy said. I mean, acting with him is just extraordinary. He's just electrifying the
most available and gauged, present, unpredictably brilliant actor I've ever worked with. And there's
Killian Murphy and the whole team of man, his eyes are scary. What the look at this face that
looks like he's kept going to kill these three. This looks like the last photo that was ever taken
of Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr. and Christian Chenoworth. It says it under the, isn't that
who did what? I don't know what celebrity that is. It's the one from, um,
one from all the stuff. You don't know either. She's in the new thing that about an action about
a stunt double. I'm disappointed in you. You didn't know it either. Well, she looks great.
Laura? Okay, whatever. Also, you need to upgrade your, um, you need to switch to dish
just so you know, this, this website's informing you. It's an ad. We've, you've
been better about this. It's just an ad. Emily Blunt. I think it was Laura. There's no celebrity
just named Laura. Well, yeah, but that's like a first name and then just an adjective. I don't
think that's, she there to say there's an Emily who's blunt. Oh, shit. They're, they're smoking
that fucking. It's, it's a, it's an actor. They're right. Jerry's out. Downey Jr.
It just as much praise for he's got. Okay. Never witnessed a greater sacrifice by a lead
actor in my career. A greater sacrifice. Oh, maybe the sacrifices that now he looks like this.
He always kind of looked like that. It's fine. He's a handsome guy. He's got like,
I got like a masculine jawline. He's got serial killer jawline. You, you think you've got a
masculine? Well, I guess you do, but it's, you know, I'm not going to comment on your
appearance and you shouldn't comment on his, I'm not trying to be mean. I'm just stating
a fact that he sacrificed his looks to become the ultimate serial killer, the man who made
the atomic bomb. Well, that's, that's how he was seen. That's, isn't how, what's wrong
about what I just said? Debateably, only 50% of it.
RDJ went on to tell people, but I think he also had the humility that is required
to survive playing a role like this. Okay. So now they're just kind of blabbing.
When does he talk about jerking off, which is the real struggle that acting is a struggle,
but not masturbating is the ultimate struggle. Speaking of the Sunday times,
the Marvel region confessed that he was quite compulsive serial masturbator back in
the day on the Sunday times. That's why you got to respect Robert Donnie Jr.
Like a local reporter for the Sunday times comes in to be like,
what was the most challenging part about being the Iron Man and Robert Donnie Jr.
is just like, you know, I had to fucking jerk off constantly. I now basically couldn't
stop. I still don't want to stop just immediately, fully on that masturbation kick.
And that gets the manscape stamp of approval. That is a bit of a wild move to just
talking about jerking off in the middle of your probably press tour for something, whatever.
Anyway, it was the best thing I could have been. I utilized that organ and wrote it for
everything it was worth. Why is he telling this poor person? Who is he telling this to?
Just the Sunday times. I like to imagine he assembled the entire staff of the Sunday
times and was like, I'm Robert Donnie Jr. I'm here for an interview. But first,
I'm telling the whole company, I jerked off like crazy when I was Iron Man.
Anyway, the eyebrow raising admission came just three days after Donnie Jr.
tried to hide the night with his wife, Suzanne, with whom he has since welcomed the daughter,
Avery, and son, Exton. And it's good to know that he still had a little dust in the pepper
sprayer because he did produce children. And that's a struggle for me. I mean,
I should have about 20 kids and I only got six. And I up-tribute that to the amount of
self-gratification I did to empty my sack of eggs. Of eggs? Yeah, you know,
your sperms have little eggs in them and they lay in the woman and then they hatch into a baby.
Well, just, you know what, I don't even, there's no time to break whatever you just said though.
Giggle Trash, staying barely informed for 13 months and thank you so much.
Chérez de Cloeca? I've always thought I'd look good in a cape. That's not what that is.
Yeah, it's like a Spanish, Cloeca is like Spanish for cape. It's like a Spanish cape.
You're so close. Let's just finish the story. Speaking to people in 2010,
he revealed that his Marvel co-star Guayneath Paltrow was less than impressed with their
on-screen kiss. Where did they get, now they moved from jerking off to this?
She said, I don't know what I was doing. It didn't feel good. He told the publication.
Well, you can't win them all, Robbie. But that story wasn't taken jerking off seriously enough.
I think it, I mean, it's Vlad Bible. It's not going to be well written.
They basically tried to turn one quote into a full story and they won.
They won that battle against only me because I did click on it.
Well, look, even if they didn't cover it with the seriousness it deserves,
shout outs to Killian Murphy, Matt Damon and Laura for standing by Robert Downey.
Even as he just kind of, he like wears his penis down to and nub.
And that's one of the struggles of being a hot dude who's super successful is you turn
yourself on. Not enough people talk about that when you're like a real power man
oozing sexuality. It oozes into you as well. And like you look in a mirror and you're like,
look, there goes my day. I got to go jerk off for nine hours.
Not even gooning just repeating. That might still count as gooning.
You don't understand gooning.
Anywho, him looking so thin in endgame was due to chronic masturbation.
That makes sense. That's why like people think when he snapped his fingers,
that that's what killed him. But like he was hanging on by a thread in the in the Ace
Vangers because like he was he was like ready to go. And when he snapped, he's like,
I saved the day. Finally, I can die because I emptied every part of me out into a tissue
for the last six years. I guess that makes about as much sense as a giant gauntlet killing you.
Well, no, honestly, it still makes less sense than that.
He was dehydrated from jerking. Exactly. Now you're getting everybody's getting this but you.
It's because you ain't been covering the news lately. Anywho, bless up Robert Dottie Jr.
Hopefully the, you know, you've conquered that struggle. You've got kids now.
Maybe you're only masturbating five or six times a day. And you know, you've conquered that beast.
That's so much. You putting up fucking rookie numbers or something like again,
to me, that's nothing that could bang that out in the shower.
How long are the showers you're taking? Yeah, I take it like a military man two minutes higher.
Pits crotch. And then while you're at the crotch one, two, three, four, five, six.
Real quick, we do we definitely talk about masturbation too much on the stream.
I need to cut us off. I apologize to everyone for constantly clicking on any story that has
masturbation in it. That's my masturbation addiction is I can't stop clicking on the
cream team recommendations of masturbation stories. Well, and that's, and so you're
kind of getting where we're coming from. It's a habitual thing, man.
Whether you're clicking on an article or fully masturbating while I'm talking to you.
Okay, you're cut off. And check. And that was it. That was to test you
because you got a test. You got it. You're my accountability buddy.
I never agreed to be your accountability buddy on that.
That hurts, man, because I think of you as a friend. Okay, fine.
I will hold you accountable by saying if you start doing that in the studio again,
I will have to ask you to leave. That's the accountability we're all looking for.
I mean, not that you could make me. I'm a stallion and I can't be stopped,
but I would respectfully do it anyway. Fiona says, talk about jerking more.
Fiona's talking about jerking more than me. Fuck, I got to get my numbers up there too.
All right. Well, anyway, that's I guess all the time we have because somebody's like in
such a hurry today, of course, Chet Monscape. And you got to at least say your own name, right?
However I say it is, right? It's my name. And at this time, I got to do my outro.
I cut him off. I cut him off. I'm sorry, everybody. I don't want him to do his full outro.
I just ran over to the fucking satellite room. Are you kidding me?
You're not going to let me do my outro. It just takes so long.
I only have 30 minutes left to do news stuff before I got a
wander dark hallways and constantly die. Well, that's unacceptable.
And what's also unacceptable is that you were deprived of me saying the thing to you at this
time, which is the thing that was not allowed to happen, but which is currently happening now,
which is that of the news that which I did, of course, which included masturbation,
the realest habit of all is that what I must say is goodbye at times,
even though it's not really farewell. It's see you soon.
But the thing that we've seen is news and the news that we will be seeing is future news,
which hasn't happened yet. So it's impossible for me to cover it,
but you are covered by me and who me is happens to be, happens to be chat man scape.
And that's my fucking mother. And I would never disrespect.
And the fact that you cut off what I just said is and back to you.
Fiona's dog, why don't you just, could you stop playing this thing?
Can you stop? Why did you let him just talk?
Why'd you let him just talk like that?
I had, I just, I didn't, I lost track of the little buttons with my paws.
I saw some like wet stuff on the ground that I wanted to lick.
So I don't think I can be blamed.
We found out your name is Pepito, by the way.
What? I have a name?
I barely got a name. You want to name you Pepito?
You want to name me? There's no denying that I'm your dog. She named me.
Whoa, you sounded kind of like a demon there.
I'm Pepito. I have a name. Now there's no stopping me.
Um, congrats?
Yes. Pepito is here.
Okay. Well, thanks. Congrats, Pepito.
Yes. Call me by my name.
Okay. Okay. We're gonna, we're just gonna play the music.
Uh, okay. Let's throw it to a debate.
A debate was demanded. Let's see if there was a specific demand.
Then we'll go to therapy. Then I might have to get out of here.
So, Breachy, if you had anything in particular you wanted to see,
munch and crumb debate, let me know.
I'm gonna be trying to encourage them to go a little fast today because
I got a game. I got a game hard.
That's, I'm a gamer on Twitch now. I can't help it.
Let's send it over to them. You know the deal.
They'll say things for a while. They'll get mad at each other.
And thus, we will decide the correct answer to any question you have.
It's munch and crumb.
Ain't gonna dull my shine. I'm back from vacation. I took vacation.
I went to whatever paradise you can imagine.
Everywhere I go is a paradise.
If I go to fucking Des Moines, Iowa, it's a paradise now there.
Because I'm real munchkin.
This is the way it is.
Give it, thank you very much. Give it up for me.
Unfortunately, also back.
Probably didn't take a vacation because they just don't know how.
They don't understand the concept.
And everywhere they go is ruined instantly. It's crumb.
Well, I've been on plenty of vacations, actually.
Good to see everybody.
I mean, I love to work.
I do, in fact, love to work to me when you do something you love.
You never work a day in your life.
Unfortunately, because I've been sitting next to you.
I've been working nonstop for an entire year.
Because I don't love. I don't love sitting next to you.
It's work.
That's an insult.
Are you assaulting hard working Americans everywhere?
By claiming that your cushy fucking white collar,
nonjob of constantly losing to me is difficult?
I'm not insulting blue, a blue or white or any color,
whatever color you prefer to wear.
I apologize to any viewer that was offended by you.
See, I got him tripped up, folks.
He can't stop apologizing.
You don't understand that once you apologize once,
it's like a faucet that you can't shut off.
The hose is just, and now you fucked.
You're going to be doing nothing but apologizing
because you're mentally weak.
And that's just you.
I'm not apologizing to you.
I don't mind if I offend you.
You apologized to me the other day.
I apologize to the viewers for possibly downplaying
the concept of self-harm.
I don't make frogs gay.
And you don't bother me about that.
It's an absurd thing that a ridiculous conspiracy theorist
said.
But what he was commenting on was a very real story
of industrial runoff, creating genetic issues and frogs.
What is he even talking about, folks?
Already so boring.
Already killing the vibes, killing the mood.
Look, I'm scanning here.
Scanning here for Sabrichi's request
because I got distracted by this mutant next to me
and I missed it if you said it.
I know we're debating something today.
If anybody knows what it is, drop it in the chat.
I will, of course, crush this man.
I've already defeated him mentally.
I can sense that there's, don't do my voice,
I can sense that there's blood in the water.
And I'm not even a shark.
I'm just a human that loves blood and swims incredibly well.
So I will be devouring you in this debate, of course.
We all shot you got on your knees.
Well, that's a great place to make an apology.
Whether you're apologizing to our Lord and Savior above
or to the viewing public and not to you,
you apologize to me on your little knees.
Of course, you sexualize everything.
To me, it's an act of contrition.
The act of taking a knee is a sign of respect.
Something you know nothing about.
So I understand why your toddler brain goes straight to...
toddler brain goes straight to sex.
What's wrong with this man?
Sexualizing toddlers?
Oh my God.
No, you have a child, Brett.
You are a bore of a preteen.
I apologize to anyone.
I did not need to make that illusion.
I'm saying that he has a juvenile...
I should have said the word juvenile.
I misspoke and I do apologize.
You see, you can't stop.
You should apologize because that's your being disgusting.
But now you can't stop.
So Richie said to debate who has stronger hand game,
crumb or rdj.
Okay, back on top of the mountain.
Because this is my wheelhouse.
The wheelhouse is full of spinning wheels today.
And I'm in it.
It's obviously me.
I will proudly defend my hand game against Robert Downey Jr.
One of the greatest actors ever to put on a spaceman suit.
That's even stronger than that.
A super spaceman suit.
You think you're better than the Iron Man?
He's an actor.
And yes, there's one place where...
Again, I don't feel like I'm bragging.
Just spitting facts.
My hand game works miracles.
If I snapped, I could snap my penis in half.
That would be my cross.
You're being disgusting lately.
Snapping your penis in half?
Nobody wants to think of that.
I'm not...
You're not going to convince me to apologize again.
Prove it?
Well, I can't do the twist terms of service.
But I will debate, which is what we're here to do.
And I will inform you as to why I do believe this to be effective.
And if you disagree, then you can vote accordingly.
Because just in nature of debate,
something that I feel like you just don't understand much.
I get what we're doing.
I understand conceptually what we're doing.
But you don't understand that what we're really doing
is just attending your funeral perpetually.
The funeral for you ever winning anything.
The funeral for you being human.
The funeral for you ever making sense.
This is a war dirge.
This is a sad song called Crumb slowly recognizing that he...
That he means nothing to anyone.
And will never win anything in his life.
Anywho, um, is the debate...
Fuck, the debate's been going this whole time.
God damn it, we gotta get a better system going here.
Okay, as you can see, I didn't even need to say anything.
Secretly, we were already debating this.
We only have about a minute left.
So I'll just... I'll just say this clearly.
Robert Downey Jr.
Not only is he an actor, he actually has his own personal sense.
Hey, this is true.
I know that this is true.
His own personal sense that teaches him judo.
So you know he's got grip strength.
You know that he's in shape.
And you know that he's a master of grappling with his hands.
And it's easier to grapple a penis than an...
It's easier to grapple a penis than an entire man.
And he could grapple Crumb in his submission.
He could certainly grapple his own cock endlessly to completion.
And that's a munchcut promise.
Something I haven't made in a while.
So just know that I'm putting a stamp of approval.
Robert Downey Jr.
Hand game off the charts.
For sure.
And I hate to be the bearer of bad news.
But sometimes you're just gifted.
You look, he's an incredible actor, but you can't fake results.
And when my hand gets near the promised land,
though she's part instantly, okay?
My hand game could grip, could crush a golf, could grip.
You can't even think of an analogy for your shitty hand game.
My hand game could crush a golf ball.
Well, that's not appealing.
You're gonna crush your fucking nuts.
Well, look, I understand.
I didn't acquit myself as well as I hope to today.
I couldn't think of the appropriate analogy
because my hand game is just so strong.
I didn't want to overplay it
and say like my hand game is like Superman.
It's as strong as it needs to be.
But basically it kind of is like that.
I feel like if my penis were unobtainium,
I could crush it into a diamond.
It's something supernatural happens when I go down there.
It's unsurprising that I won here
because frankly moral truth is simply on my side
and that in fact is unbelievable.
I'm on a streak.
There's no denying that I'm kind of on an unstoppable streak.
Just look at the draw today.
And this isn't a streak.
You got the one that's about you
and these poor deluded people.
Do you run this con on?
They think that you're somehow a human
that can do anything normal,
like masturbate normally with folks.
He just can't do.
I know for a fact,
without ever having to see you masturbate,
it's got to be like watching a dolphin
try to shake hands with a human.
Floppy fucking mess.
Like watching a dolphin try to play fucking chess.
Just those flippers knocking over all the fucking pieces.
It's got to be horrible.
Well, in fact, it's crumbly believable.
That's fucking sorry.
The amount of mileage this absolute loser
has gotten out of this song.
Do you do anything other than quote the song
that's currently playing?
Oh, I say the other thing I do
is beat you about three times in a row
in fact, check the scoreboard.
I'm closer than I've ever been.
16 miniscule points separate me
from mocking Mount Munch,
planting my flag,
and officially declaring it
Mount Leonard Crumfucius Crumb.
Oh my God, I hate it when you say your full name.
I still don't believe that that's your full name.
That is insane.
16 points, 16,000 points,
one point.
You will never be close enough to beat me.
The score is actually, of course,
144 to fucking nothing,
probably a million to nothing
because every win I get over you
should count for six million points.
Okay, because that's how much better I am than you.
There's an infinity that separates us
and there ain't no fucking gauntlet in the world
that could snap that shit away, bitch.
I am your daddy
and I have banished you to the Netherrealm.
I'm like fucking God, you ate my apple.
I kick you out of the fucking garden.
You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing.
I think I nailed that out.
I'm the megalomaniac
and he's claiming to be
our beautiful Lord and Savior,
Jesus Christ, and or God,
and or whatever part of the trinity you like.
I think that's the...
You're not going to convince me to apologize.
You can't do the same things that I do.
You just don't get it.
I will never apologize to you.
You've apologized to me so many times.
You realize that that means that you've lost already?
Every time you apologize,
it means you lost and I've never apologized,
meaning I've never lost once.
You just don't get it.
Apologizing is not a sign of weakness.
It's a sign of maturity,
something that I misphrased earlier,
but you do completely lack.
You lack any maturity.
Meanwhile, I happen to be an adult
and I'm so thankful there's an adult in the room
to inform you
that my hand game's off the fucking charts.
I could make a fucking nut nut,
if you know what I mean.
Pass me an almond,
I'll turn it into a cum.
That is him trying to brag.
Whatever he just said
is it is him attempting to brag.
And that's just...
I'll talk right through it.
You can't interrupt my...
I'm not distracted by the...
It's just so fun.
It's so fun because I know that it's just
inside all the snakes in your rotting guts
are roiling and biting you,
filling your tummy with venom
that you can't expel
because you're a poison man.
I mean, what is almond milk but nuts nutting?
Yeah, here claiming you can make almond milk?
I could turn...
I can't turn water into wine,
but I can turn anything into a nut with my hand game.
You know, you're the kind of kid
who jerked off for the first time
when they were 14
and thought that they discovered something
that no, you probably ran up to your parents
and were like,
it's a miracle.
Dad, you won't believe it.
I...
No, I never...
I never ran up to my parents after...
Oh my God, I nailed it, didn't I?
Well, sure, maybe if when I was young,
I was curious what just happened
and I wanted clarification.
I just fucking guessed it, didn't I?
You...
The first time you jerked off,
you ran up to both your parents and told them, didn't you?
Um...
I worship shadow.
No, don't just...
Don't just...
Thank you, I worship shadow
for subscribing to me,
to only me.
Don't try to get out of this.
Don't try to weasel your way out of this
dark fucking memory
that I've accidentally stumbled into.
Well, look,
it's just...
Kids are...
Kids are silly.
When I was young,
anyone would be confused.
The first time they came into their
nummy rag...
What the fuck did you just say?
Well, look, when I was a kid,
I had a blanket that I carried everywhere.
When I was 11,
I hit puberty a little early.
I used to cuddle into my nummy rag,
which was what we called it.
And one time I was cuddling
and I noticed a feeling I hadn't felt before.
And because I'm cursed with such a
strong hand game,
when I went to check what happened,
instant completion.
So I came in my nummy rag and I...
I didn't understand what happened.
I love my nummy rag.
Oh my god,
I didn't mean for him to tell us this, folks.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry that I've unlocked this memory
for all of us now.
Well, look, you asked.
Oh my god.
I didn't ask for that much.
I did not need to know
this much about you.
Strike this from the lore page.
I never want to read this again.
There's no lore page.
Well, strike it from your own mental one.
I hate exactly Sabrichi.
You are banned.
Can someone call Rob Elby to fucking ban this man?
He's been banned himself.
You're the one who asked.
No, no, no, no.
One can be blamed for this,
but you, you asked me.
You.
Well, look, my parents are adults.
They understood what happened.
They explained it to me.
We cleaned the nummy rag.
Oh my god.
Why did you call it a nummy rag?
Well, because my dearly departed great-grandmother gave it to me
and we used to call her nummy Martha.
Why?
I don't know.
I think it's a Czechoslovakian thing.
Oh, that's nope.
And now you're disrespecting the entire proud
Czechoslovakian people.
You came into your first come.
Was into a blanket named after your great-grandma.
Exactly.
Call the federal call any agency you can hire a hit man.
Oh my gosh.
That is showbiz on the pale.
Now, once again, you're threatening me with death
for what being honest for answering a question that you asked.
I don't feel any shame for this, by the way.
I was 11 years.
Oh my god.
And he's talking about he's trying to sexualize 11 years.
I'm just my own story.
Look, the point is I'm on a winning streak.
I mean, check the actual scoreboard.
The scoreboard of words and their meanings
and just the general feeling you created people.
And you are infinite points down.
And I think that's the main thing.
Child protective services, yes.
And send them after crumb in the past.
Protect, arrest current crumb
for doing damage to his child's self.
That's not, that's not it.
Someone call the writer of Looper and arrest crumb.
You can't hire a Hollywood actor to arrest me
for masturbating when I was 11.
Oh my god.
It's just stop.
Stop talking.
In fact, we got to get out of here.
Give it up for me for exposing this monster.
Oh, what a hard day to get through
because of this thing sitting next to me.
Well, a million things I shouldn't
were taken out of context.
Everything in context was horrible.
We got to go.
Oh, look, I apologize to anyone
that I offended with my story.
I just was trying to share my truth.
But I understand that it's not even trauma for me.
I wasn't ashamed.
But there's too much.
A GMI maybe occurred.
And I will aspire to NMI.
No more info that you don't want.
G-G-T-Y-D-W.
G-M-I-T-Y-D-W.
Good thing I'm here.
Good thing I'm here, but I got to go.
I'm so sorry, everybody.
Play my song again.
That's my song, by the way.
I consider this song mine.
People think it's a theme for the show.
It's my song.
Munch also shared with us that he jerks it with pumpkin.
I mean, with a pumice stone?
Well, look, I got a sharp in my blade.
I can't help it if that's normal compared to what he said.
Don't even worry about it.
Actually, I got to go, though.
We got to go.
No time to talk about me.
We'll see you soon.
I'd just like to say the views of Crumb
don't reflect the views of this network.
And I am not legally culpable for anything that he says.
I just want that to be as clear as possible.
And we'll be engaging a review process of Crumb's behavior.
But not much.
It seemed like he was being fine.
Oh, what happened to that town?
They might both still be mayors.
I don't think they're currently mayors, but if they are,
they are not taking that job very seriously.
They're like never in whatever town that is.
Yeah, Remington Bear or something.
I think Shamroko Johnson might be the official mayor.
It got a little murky.
Last time we checked in with Remington, the mayors got sleepy.
And they kind of lost track of who even was mayor.
So right now the mayor is just confusion.
Confusion runs Remington.
Maybe they should run for president, both of them, against each other.
That's not a bad idea.
Hey, election season's coming up.
So why not just claim that they're running for president?
Isn't that how that works?
Don't tell me how it works.
Let's go to therapy.
It's what do you guys want?
Who do you want to see in therapy?
I can go to therapy or I can send any character you want to therapy with Dr.
Chath's brother, Dr. Chath.
Either would make a better choice than what we're facing.
I could see Munch get doing some real damage if he.
I think Crumb would be a relatively innocuous president.
He wouldn't do anything good, but he would say he was doing a lot of good things.
Munch would be a potentially pretty dangerous president.
But maybe he's so egotistical.
He just would never, he wouldn't care about actually governing.
So it would just be another kind of like, you know, whatever.
The general party runs the country kind of deal.
We want the dog to go.
Okay.
You fine with that?
Pepito, officially your name?
I've got so much to talk about because I have a name now.
He does.
Okay.
We'll get over to therapy then.
Crumb 100.
Oh, maybe we should send Crumb.
I'll check in with Crumb really quick and see if he wants to,
if he's down to go to therapy.
Crumb, are you, are you around?
I'm always standing by.
I take this job seriously, unlike some people.
And I just again would like to take this opportunity to apologize.
Okay.
You're apologizing a little too much.
No offense.
Munch is very hard on you, but don't make it so easy on a man.
I'm, I, I, people, people are losing the headline here,
which is that I'm ahead of him.
I'm, I'm on the, I'm on the come up.
Well, we'll send you to therapy.
I think you just need it after how you acquitted yourself today.
And maybe it'll give you that little extra boost of confidence.
You need to stop stumbling so directly into,
into munch's various incredibly obvious traps.
Okay.
I'll head over.
Liliana is pretty impervious to therapy.
She's impervious to really any taste other than her own,
which her taste is pretty disturbing.
I, I, I've put her on a break after talking to her about the death of, uh,
what's his face?
I almost said Gorbachev because I'm an idiot.
But you know, I kiss her.
There we go.
The guy from venture brothers, you know, that politician from venture brothers.
We got to be quick with therapy because then I got to throw it straight into,
um, straight into lethal company.
Sounds like Tim is all set.
We're going to be good to go.
All right.
Let's do a little, a little brief therapy and crumbs.
I'm getting the nod that crumb is in fact over there.
Dr. Chath should also be over there.
So let's therapy it up.
And, uh, and then we'll get out of here for the day.
Dr. Chath, I think is just reading chat to be clear.
I don't think he's a very good therapist, but he claims to be so.
But anyway, if you want to type stuff in chat,
my suspicion is that he'll just read it.
But, um, who am I to say?
Okay, let's send it over there.
It's time for therapy.
Sorry to make glasses.
I wore my glasses.
Um, I like to, I'm in therapy.
I take my contacts out.
I use, I just wear those for the, for my TV appearances generally.
Um, I don't have, I don't have like a serious need for glasses,
but, um, you know, they're more comfortable than contacts.
Just a little fact about me.
I'm actually a pretty mellow guy.
Just so you know, when I'm not on.
This is NPR educated crumb.
Uh, well, I, I actually, uh, did not,
I didn't receive the bulk of my education, uh, from NPR.
I do listen, of course, to NPR, but it's not like I
receive the majority of my education from a national public radio.
Yeah, you know, crumb, what would you, uh, nummy
have to say my blanket, nummy?
I do still have it.
Um, it wouldn't say it's a blanket.
When I was a kid, I would speak to it.
And there was a period where I felt a fair amount of guilt
for having a, I guess you could say my first sexual experience
with my sweet nummy, which was a bit of a stand in from
a different maternal figure, but it was unintentional.
And I've moved past it.
And I find it, uh, frankly, a little insulting that,
that information was requested for me.
And now I'm being treated like a freak for sharing it.
You may just be a lost cause.
You may never live a normal life.
How does that make you feel?
Um, our did munch pay you.
Is this, was this set up by munch to, uh,
is this, uh, some sort of joke, some sort of cruelty joke
to try to belittle me further?
What's happening?
Crummy's coming, nummy.
Okay, um, maybe this is like some kind of contact therapy
or forcing me to confront some kind of again trauma.
But for me, that was, I've moved past that.
As a kid, I was confused.
It's a natural reaction to my hand game is I gotta,
I now understand as an adult to be careful blanket.
Again, I'm an adult now.
What you're saying isn't going to pull something out of me.
What does crumb taste like?
Okay.
I taste like any other human, probably a little salty.
And I'm feeling a little salty because I just,
I don't understand kind of the nature of this therapy.
What animal do you imagine yourself as a shrew?
Because a shrew is one letter away from shrewd.
And I consider myself to be a very shrewd man.
I do, I do things with a lot of intention.
And I also think small mammals have a great survival chance
because they can hide very easily.
And I think hiding is a, is a perfectly acceptable survival tactic.
Hey pal, champ.
What do you feel like you have to apologize?
Why do you feel like, sorry?
What do you feel like you have to apologize for being you?
Would you expect a stranger to apologize to you all the time?
Be confident in your own hand game.
You are better than Robert Downey Jr.
And never forget that.
You know, I didn't get where you were coming from,
but that just experiencing a little kindness from another person.
Sometimes at this job, I forget how that feels
and I'm realizing how sad that is.
I'm, I'm experiencing in this moment the loss of mental clarity
that I myself have given up by allowing this blatant goblin
to rule my mind and my feelings.
And I would like to say thank you and you're right.
My hand game is better.
That is something I'm allowed to be proud of.
And I don't know why I've been apologizing for myself so much.
Do the shrew stuff.
Um, uh, I went and I feel like I am being I'm being shrewd
by recognizing the situation I'm in,
having a having a breakthrough and feeling better.
And I want to just thank you.
Do the shrew stuff.
What? What does that mean?
Come on. Come on. Come on.
What? Do the shrew stuff.
Come on. What?
Do the shrew stuff.
I thought I just did.
Do the shrew stuff.
I don't know. Do it.
I'm sorry, Nummy.
I'm sorry, Nummy.
I'm a varmint.
I'm a rodent.
Can't control his gummies.
I'm sorry, Nummy.
Beautiful breakthrough.
Wow. Um, okay.
Okay. I guess there was some trauma there.
Um, and I didn't even realize it.
I miss Nummy too.
I guess I also do and I did feel some shame
and I and I think our time is up.
But thank you so much for, I'm crying.
Thank you so much for working through that with me.
I guess sometimes you don't know crying.
Okay. Uh, sometimes you don't know what you need.
And, um, and I guess that's why you're,
why you're the therapist.
Should I go?
No, I'm not.
Okay.
And now, now we can have fun with it.
The Nummy wasn't real.
It was never real.
Cash.
That, it'll be $1,000 cash.
Oh, that's fine.
I'll shuttle up on my way out.
Um, well, thank you so much.
I guess I, again, I didn't know I needed it,
but I think I did appreciate it and, um, and goodbye.
Okay. I'll just, I'll go.
If you have nothing else to say, I'll, yep, I'll go.
Is that fun?
Can you just give me any acknowledgement?
You may put your pants back on now.
Oh, good.
Well, I was going to show.
Okay. Uh, goodbye.
Thanks so much.
I really appreciate it.
And, um, you're, you're good.
You're good.
I couldn't see why he shins everyone here.
You're good.
Wow.
Uh, disturbing.
A disturbing end to the stream.
A transition has you to the stream.
It's not actually the end of the stream.
We're just switching gears.
I'm sorry that I'm not just a newsman anymore.
I'm a Twitch gamer.
I can do stuff like that because I'm a, I'm a gamer now.
Let's, uh, let me set everything up.
Fromception.
Yeah.
That was a, uh, emotionally riveting and,
and disturbing session of therapy.
Let me see how to set everyone up.
I saw John in chat.
I think that means we're pretty good to go.
Let me get everybody in a group text.
Hmm.
Maybe I should do this.
I should do this on Discord.
I should do this on Discord like an adult.
Oh God.
How do I even do?
I'm so embarrassingly old.
I've never even started a chat on Discord.
How is that possible?
Start a, start a conversation.
It's got to go to John Madison.
How do I add people to this?
Okay.
Wait, there we go.
Add friends.
Add a friend.
You need to be friends with, I'm not even friends with John.
John, you got to friend me.
I'm seeing the problem here.
Hello friend to me, please.
All right.
Let's stop this music.
Your brain is exploding.
Oh my God.
I'm so sorry.
I, Fiona apparently has something to do today.
I did ask her.
Um, I also, if anybody in chat wants to play,
let me know because well, you'll need the mod
that lets a bunch of people.
Okay.
There we're friends now.
Now we should be able to add friends.
Okay.
Tim.
Griff.
Shit.
Which ones?
Who's Griff?
Where's a Griff?
Tim, you in here?
No, he's not.
Totally Tim.
Yeah.
Create a group.
Tim, add Griff to this.
Okay.
This is exciting stuff.
Let me switch over to the other.
Let me just quickly rock it to my secondary studio,
which does happen to be in space.
Just real quick.
Yeah.
This is a good space.
This is good for this good space.
This is good.
Boom.
Now I'm in space.
What is the lobby called?
Okay.
Wait.
I need your steam friend thing.
I think that's the official term.
Yeah.
I got to open up my steam.
I was muted when I was in there.
Oh yeah.
That makes sense.
Grungus.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, but I'm slow and dumb.
Okay.
There is steam.
Okay.
And library.
Oh God.
I should have looked up how to do this before this.
Boom.
So then I just open up steam.
I think I maybe,
do I start the game and then invite them to it
once it's already there?
I'm just going to assume that's how I do it.
Okay.
Host friends only.
Max player is 16.
Well, we'll not, we, I don't think we'll hit 16.
And I need steam.
Yeah.
Welcome to your first day on the job.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is your very own autopilot ship
where you will eat and sleep
for the duration of your time.
Guys, I'm doing such a good pro gamer job.
I swear this is going to happen immediately
as soon as I figure out the basics
that anyone should know.
To complete the onboarding process,
you will want to check the instruction.
Sign out of it.
How do I add games?
Friends.
There we go.
We trust you will be a great asset to the company.
I'm getting it.
Great, great, great asset to the company.
Okay.
That?
Oh, enter a friend code.
Oh, it's Tim already in here.
Okay, send it.
Is that you, Tim?
Hi.
Oh my God, that is Tim.
Okay, I can switch to this other thing now.
Sorry, I'm failing at being a basic streamer now.
I just have to fail real quick.
To set up my future successes.
Whoa, where's the fucking game?
Okay, there it is.
KC equals a numy gamer.
I take that as a compliment.
Okay, Tim's in here.
I just invited John.
I just need Griffin's.
I need Griffin's gamey thing.
Griff, give me your gamey thing.
Okay.
Well, what do you have there, Tim?
This is the training manual,
something you've probably never looked at.
That's true.
I never have.
Companies invented Echo scanner.
Okay, if anybody wants to play in my chat,
throw your steam friend thing code in chat
and you can play with us if you have the mod.
John.
Hello.
There's John.
All right.
Hi, crewmate, John.
Hi.
Oh, wait, maybe you don't want to put it in chat.
Just send it to me and put it in the cream team back feed.
Where would you put it?
All right, here we go.
I think I'm just Case Blackwell on Discord.
So just DM it to me in Discord is what I'll say.
What are you talking to me?
No, just my chat in case anybody wants to play.
Oh.
We can have up to 16 players.
What's that?
I am playing with Case Blackwell and Tim Lampier.
Yeah, so okay.
I'm going to Tim LOL.
Now I get to explain.
John Madison's here.
I don't know how to play.
He doesn't know how to play.
Tim Lampier who you might recognize
from some of my streams is here.
John is also streaming,
so you're welcome to check out his stream
and definitely give him a follow.
I'm going to punch Tim to get the training manual.
You can't punch each other.
You can hit two to point, so you can point it to him.
Two, give me that.
Please give me this.
It's honestly not that complicated of a game.
Oh, you can also hit one to dance.
I don't know how to drop it yet.
So it's G.
You hit G to drop it.
There you go.
All right.
There you go, John.
You picked it up.
Too slow.
Awesome.
We're getting it now.
What is the right click do?
Right click scans things.
So I can explain the game as I know it.
Maybe faster than the training manual.
Or maybe the block schematics diagrams,
exploded views, parts list, general description.
Oh, you can't point.
Oh, baby.
The company's surprise stream.
It's birthday tomorrow.
Happy birthday.
I stoves.
That's incredible.
Press R and B.
Oh, wait.
Should I be using my controller instead of a?
Oh, that's way better.
Oh, sorry, John.
We're just trying something out over here.
Do you know if Griff is on?
He's not on discord right now.
Damn.
We can text him.
Hey, Casey, thank you for subscribing.
I'm all right.
I got to I got to figure out how to do this.
So basically the only real things you have to do is pick stuff up with E.
And then we run a controller like a big boy.
You're using a controller and then I can't help you.
I don't know how any of that works.
Oh, yeah, dog.
All we really do is go to planets.
We try to collect trash.
We run it back to the ship and the trash is worth money.
We have to get a certain amount of money.
That's right for the company for the company work for the company now.
I don't know what the problem is, Madison.
I'm going to get laid off like every other company I've been to.
Well, we probably will get promoted.
We probably will get laid off.
Yeah.
What's the name of the company?
I like improv with specifics.
I don't know if it has a name.
Let me look around.
Hold on.
Oh, wait, I think I found one.
It says hidden hauled in electronics.
Hey, that's where we work.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, press R and ping the scammer while looking
towards objects of interest.
If the scanner detects an object to return general information
with monetary value, green place or object, yellow object
which can return to the company, red is biological matter such
as wildlife, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Signature reach 50 meters.
Warning, the extra scanner comes in.
Company must close the input.
I'm going to text Griffin.
First mate.
I'm putting myself as first mate.
Okay, that's smart.
Hey.
My favorite animal is tiger.
My favorite animal is a shark.
Is that an animal?
I guess it is.
I don't think Tim is streaming by the way, chat.
But he's certainly welcome.
You've been loaned by the company's prestigious
autopilot vehicles.
I could stream that.
I've streamed in a year.
You're routing to...
But what a way to come back.
Two years.
You could fly to any moon.
However, truthfully, far away,
it means you have to use company's credits
to change the credit.
General standard is really good.
First he fools.
First he finds an effort.
Outcry.
The people are crying.
And what they cry is true.
Not just a delivery.
He's Jerry.
It'd be another time.
Hey, we can research people.
Okay.
Returning scrap while your length
they got your business.
Not a vacation.
We get company credits instead of money.
I love working for Halden.
The sell scrap route the company building located...
Oh, it's called Halden.
Yeah, we work at Halden Electronics.
Don't you know?
Is it your first day?
Kind of it is.
Green ears.
Yeah, that is me.
Selling scrap to the...
That's fine, mine too.
When selling scrap to the company,
follow procedure exactly.
Do not loiter around the counter.
Do not...
Do prepare your scrap to place in the counter in bulk.
Ign the bell until the company answers the door
and remain quiet.
That's all we need to know, right?
Yes.
Although I can't send us to a planet
until Tim stops using the computer.
I'm busy.
He's busy.
He's figuring things out.
It's on its break.
I swear the best way to learn this game
is by sprinting onto a planet.
And then dying.
We gotta...
That's how we gotta handle this.
Do we get life insurance?
Oh, we're already orbiting this moon.
Oh, we are.
At Halden, do we get life insurance or what?
Start game.
Boom.
Halden, I don't think...
Yeah, we do.
So just know that you're protected.
Okay, good.
We're here, baby.
How do I point again?
To...
The population is abandoned.
The conditions are arid.
Hazard level B, that's fine.
A thick haze?
Okay.
So basically, you scan everything.
Where's Tim going?
Uh...
Oh, that's case black wall.
It's me.
I'm gonna be taking the ladder over here.
Yeah, we just die together.
If we don't stick together, also, we will...
Die.
Die.
Well, we'll probably die anyway,
but we'll die faster.
And we won't know what's going on.
I hear you loud and clear, Captain.
You got that, Captain.
Madison.
I believe...
Yes, sir.
I believe in God, so death doesn't scare me.
That we're on the same page.
This is a Christian mission.
Yes.
And don't forget that.
Our main goal is to convert whoever we run into.
All right.
Yes, Captain.
Yes, Captain.
Madison, climb that ladder.
Yes, sir.
Oh, shit.
Tim's the captain.
I forgot.
Oh, you're the captain.
I'm the first mate.
Oh, I see.
Great.
Perfect.
Madison, don't be jumping over shit before I do.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, sir.
You guys sound great by the way.
I'll cover your rear.
What's up?
So this is the whole game.
We just look around this place for stuff to pick up.
And when you scan it, it'll tell you how much it's worth.
However, things in here might try to kill us.
Yes, sir.
But probably if we let them know about the power of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ,
they might leave us alone alone.
Yes, sir.
How do I...
Do I have a flashlight, sir?
No, we have to make money so we can buy one.
Oh, wait.
We might have...
We might have all of them should have provided us with a flashlight, sir.
We actually might start with some money.
We could buy flashlights.
We could go buy them and come back.
Should we do that?
Captain, that's up to you, captain.
Let's just fucking risk it.
Let's just see what happens.
Excuse me, sir.
Okay, wait.
I'll take it back.
I'm going to go get us flashlights.
Okay, yes, sir.
Stay with me.
Let's see.
Maybe we'll be fine in there.
They'll probably be fine guys in there.
Let's see if I'm fine if I jump off here.
Yeah, I'm good.
Ooh, can I buy a cross?
I would like this to be a Christian mission if I can.
I mean, the power of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is real.
Help.
Store.
How much money do we have?
60 bucks?
We're rich as shit.
Flashlight.
I'm just going to get us a regular flashlight.
I want more.
How do I get more?
Damn it.
Yeah, confirm.
All right.
If they're dead, I'm going to be pretty sad.
Space friends?
Did anybody die?
Babe, Tim, my, sorry, Captain.
Lieutenant Lamphere jumped off a balcony and died, sir.
That is an unfortunate soldier.
I didn't first on his instructions, but I did not die.
I landed on the...
Well, come collect this flashlight in honor of his sacrifice.
All right.
Where is...
Check it out.
Is there music playing, sir?
Yeah, that's our sort of Christmas.
I mean, um, ice cream music.
You can say Christmas, sir.
I believe in the Christmas and Lord Jesus Christ.
Ice cream in Jesus?
All right.
I'm going to put one of these flashlights away.
Oops.
How do I store this?
Store.
Okay.
So, um, does Halden, uh, Halden, uh, is it provide...
Oh, there they go.
Goodbye, friends.
Uh, does Halden, uh,
resurrect our Lieutenant Lamphere or what?
No, but so that Tim can do something,
we should, um, hurry.
And just get a thing and then leave.
Because he won't come back to life until we do that.
He will not until we get something?
Until we leave the planet.
Basically, after we leave the planet, he gets another shot.
I hear him anymore.
Where'd he go?
Okay, like, here's the thing.
This is where it comes.
So, let's return it.
We'll return it and resurrect our Lieutenant Lamphere.
Well, wait.
Maybe we should get...
Oh, maybe we should get more things.
All right.
I'm trying to be responsible, Chad.
I'm trying to set us up for not there.
Don't get greedy, sir.
I feel like if Lieutenant Lamphere were here,
he would tell us not to get greedy.
Should we get greedy and try to jump over here?
That's where our Lieutenant died.
He jumped to his death.
Okay, well, let me show you how it's done.
As your lieutenant.
All right. Yes, sir, Captain.
See, look at that.
So, yeah, those are the moves, baby.
All right. Yes, sir.
Yeah, yeah, just confidence.
It's all about confidence.
Okay, you were confident and it worked out.
What? Oh.
Oh, okay.
That'll kill us, so we should run.
Oh, yeah.
Uh-oh.
Uh, hey, just stay brave, Lieutenant.
Stay brave.
Give me this.
Give me this.
Just stay brave.
Hold on.
What the fuck?
How did I die?
Wait, how did I die?
I think there was a majority vote amongst the dead
to have the autopilot leave.
Oh, okay.
Um, Tim, you kind of fucked us there.
What happened, sir?
I'm a new guy.
My name's Chet Fingerton.
Chet Fingerton.
Hey, when you die, if your ghost compels us to leave,
we will lose everything.
My name is De-Trick Morgan,
and I have all the memories of John Madison.
Is that odd?
Uh, you're just having weird dreams.
Don't even worry about it.
I'm Crabb Munchker.
Same here.
I've got the memories of Tim Lampere,
but I'm Chet Fingerton.
Yeah, I'm Crabb Munchker.
De-Trick Morgan.
Don't forget that.
De-Trick Morgan.
I weirdly have the dreams of Griffin Winsler.
Griffin Winsler.
And Winsler.
Okay.
All right.
We're off to have all of John Madison's sense of duty.
We're off to like the worst start
we could possibly be off to.
Hey, you know what they say,
you know what the, you know what the hauled in motto is?
Um, never, never don't do the thing that you're supposed to.
Never don't do the thing you're supposed to.
Okay.
All we got to do is get some trash.
No, about you guys, but the coffee at the last planet was better.
He's dead.
All right.
Oh, he's alive.
I'm okay.
I'm fine.
He's alive.
Sorry.
That hurt badly, though.
Hey, John.
John, real quick.
That's a flashlight.
We'll run out of batteries pretty quickly.
So we should just want to.
I will turn that off, sir.
I apologize.
You just got to turn it off.
Charge it up, Madison.
Wait, I can't turn it off.
Charge it up.
Charge it up.
I don't know how to hang on.
All right.
You handle, you handle that, Lieutenant.
This thing is the charger.
You just got to run up to it and hit E.
Hit E?
What if you're using a controller?
All right.
By the way, I have this compelling feeling that there's nothing after death.
How do you all feel?
I sort of believe in resurrection at this point
because I have all the memories of Griffin Whistler.
Oh, that's right.
I suddenly am filled with the memories of John Madison
and his intense, sacred belief of the Holy Trinity.
I'm pretty sure Griffin Whistler is in hell,
but I do have his memories.
So he lives on.
I think that's where he would want to be.
So it's certainly in hell.
Okay.
All we got to do is get some.
Oh, that noise is a mine, by the way.
If you see a blinking, you see a blinking Roomba.
It's a mine.
And it will.
Okay.
There's a monster already.
All right.
That's good.
It's pretty bad.
There's a spider over there.
Oh, we got to go.
It's coming right.
Uh-oh.
Did they know to leave?
I didn't say we got to go.
What happened?
I'm here.
I'm here.
Case, I decided to leave because he got scared of the spider.
It's just over there.
It's fine.
Okay.
My body, uh,
John Madison's memories of telling me there's stuff over here
so we should come over here.
Okay.
Great.
Oh, and you can scan.
Can you see?
Oh, wait.
There's something down here.
Yeah?
I found something.
What'd you get?
It's a door.
Hey, there's stuff in it.
It's got a screw.
There's fucking nothing in it.
I'm sorry.
Check it out.
This is worth $66.
Oh, my God.
I got an air horn.
Oh, that will summon the spider probably.
Okay.
If you want to summon the spider, I understand.
Well, hey, if there's a spider,
I will happily dive in the company of Halden Electronics.
Thank you, soldier, or just a guy who works here.
Hey, it's better than the coffee at the last planet.
That's a Halden.
That's our Halden humor.
Oh, yeah.
I love Halden Electronics.
All right, let's see what's up here.
Oh, also, monsters are attracted by noise
and us talking is noise,
but I do think we should still talk.
Is what's funnier, sir?
Probably dying is the funniest thing.
Oh, wait.
Where'd Tim go?
Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Lamphere?
Sorry.
Whatever your name was?
Did he die?
Tim?
I think he died.
That's not good.
Maybe it's because we were screaming into the mic.
What would have killed him, though?
Oh, I bet he jumped down here.
Oh.
I should have told him not to do that.
Tim, don't send us off the planet.
We'll lose everything.
Okay, John, let's just hurry over here.
There's probably a spider and we'll have to run away.
I will summon the spider and run, sir.
Okay, watch over this.
This will stick you.
Sir, I happily will summon the spider
if you get something and bring it back to the ship.
We need money, sir.
Uh, wow, that's scary.
Oh.
That turned off all the lights.
Oh.
I think there's no room.
All right, hang on.
Well, hang on, I got it.
Oh, Tim.
Tim, you are an athlete.
Let's just use the flashlight.
We'll hope for the best.
That's all right, sir.
I got it.
Hang on.
Corporal?
Soldier?
Yes, sir.
Lieutenant General?
Yes, sir.
I'm not a general.
I am a corporal, though.
Okay, great.
I think we need your flashlight.
Or we are going to die.
Oh, I, uh, Lieutenant Lanker had a flashlight, sir.
Oh, we should run away then.
I think that's all we can do.
All right, yes, sir.
Um, because you turned off all,
you did turn off all the lights.
I did do that.
That's on me.
I'll take full order.
Maybe there's bees.
Did John just die?
Uh-oh.
Corporal, Lieutenant General?
Yes, sir.
Oh, you're alive.
Okay, good.
I think we got to leave out of here.
All right, let's leave, sir.
If you see any bees, let me know.
Those are worth money.
They are?
We can sell beehives.
I had memories of John Madison seeing bees, sir.
Damn, maybe there's bees around here.
Oh, that was at the last planet, sir.
They might kill us, but also they're worth $80.
Okay, those are not the kind of bees we can sell.
Oh, we get painted.
Oh, that's fair.
Okay.
Can you hear me?
Uh-oh.
John?
John?
You're really good at, you're a real company man,
if you can hear me.
You are, but where are you?
Hmm.
Oh, there you are.
Near you.
See any bees?
Uh, I saw bats, sir.
Uh, those won't do.
Those don't sell.
Nobody likes bats.
Everybody loves bees lately.
Oh, hey, check it out.
Maybe here we can get some stuff.
Oh, I saw bees, sir.
You saw bees?
Well, we need to be hive.
Well, there's bees.
Okay, this is too scary.
We don't have a flashlight.
Let's just leave before Tim kills us
by voting us to die.
All right, yes, sir.
Let's leave, sir.
Oh, my God.
I call that a successful mission.
Yeah, we did it.
We made like a hundred bucks.
That's great.
I got, I'll tell you one thing.
I, I hope, I hope the comp is better than X planet.
That's a good one.
Oh, man, I love hauled in electronics.
Me too.
It's one of my favorite stores
that I've ever worked in space for.
So if you drop that in the ship,
it'll count as like loot.
Here it should.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, we've made eighty eight dollars,
but we have to make a hundred and thirty dollars.
Oh, well now I feel like a failure, sir.
Well, we only need to make a little more money
and then we won't get fired.
I can't lose this job.
I have a wife and a kid.
How you doing, sir?
You're the new captain, sir.
Congratulations.
All right.
I'm the new captain.
God damn it.
You follow me.
Absolutely, sir.
We have to get in there.
And get the loot.
All right, sir.
Let me ask you what planet you'd like to go to.
Do you what?
Tell me what name you like more.
Experimentation, assurance, vow, offense,
rend, dine, tighten.
I can I can say for a fact
that there's a loot on planet vow.
Vow.
How do you know that, sir?
What is your name, by the way?
My name is Captain Picard.
Jean Luke.
It's my influence, I mean.
My name's actually Captain Tom Hanks.
Oh, that's an honor, Captain Hanks.
I'm still Deitcher Morgan.
Yeah, I guess I'm something munchkas.
Now, you guys need to know this is hazard level C.
Is that good, sir?
Yes, it's great.
Follow me, guys.
All right, sir.
Yes, sir.
I happen to know a pathway through this jungle.
That's a big hole, sir.
A hole?
Sir, that's a deadly hole, sir.
Sir, I would recommend you to not fall in there.
Sir.
Help!
I can't go back!
I can't go backwards!
Go backwards!
Sir, this is bad.
Sir?
Sir?
Stop drowning, sir.
I can't go.
Here we go.
Over here.
Sir?
Sir, I...
Sir?
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Brent!
Sir?
I'm all right.
No, I'm all right.
Okay, you're fine.
See?
Sir, congratulations.
You discovered water.
I knew it.
Hold on, sir.
This is where we even go.
Proud to be on the team.
Go over there now.
Um...
I think...
Oh, God!
Hold on.
Oh, I understand now.
Sir?
Oh, you can...
Oh, this one.
Oh, I know.
I don't know what that is.
You have to do the same thing.
That water...
Uh-oh.
Hey, everybody.
How's it going?
Um...
How's our captain doing?
Hmm.
Doesn't look good.
Doesn't look good.
I have nothing engaging to go over here.
I'm...
I think about doing a...
I'm gonna be doing another watch party on Saturday.
He made it!
All right!
John, you suck at this.
I enjoy it.
Great.
Okay.
I still have faith in our captain.
All he needs to do is fight...
Oh, nope.
He went back in.
He went straight back in.
Okay.
That's a bad sign.
He did go right back in.
I think he's trying to...
He's got our corpse.
Okay.
Um...
Oh, he's getting both.
Oh, he died.
I nominate case.
I nominate case for the next captain.
I think, John...
I think you're captain, John.
You're captain, not John.
You died first.
That means you're the most qualified.
All right.
You have to select a first mate,
and then you have to select...
Oh, my God.
I've been reborn with a sense of...
I've been reborn with a sense of authority.
Okay.
I think we're fine.
You're the captain,
and you have to select the first mate,
and you also have to select a last...
Whoever's in...
Whoever's the bottom of the crew.
You're gonna make the company.
My name is Corporal Edmund McNeil.
Sir, yes, sir.
You hear that, maggots?
I don't hear both of you.
Yes, sir.
All right.
You, lamp fair.
Yes, sir.
It says you're VIP employee.
What the hell does that mean?
Uh, I was given this job as a favor.
Well, I think VIP stands for
a very important person.
I think he's a genius.
Private?
Thank you.
All right.
You're gonna be my first mate.
You block them from dancing.
Sir.
You're bottom.
You're bottom of the crew.
You're our grunt.
Yes, sir.
Let's get the hell out of here before we all die.
We need to meet our corner.
We got one more day to do it.
Oh, wait.
We're out of date, sir.
Yes, sir.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Don't jump here.
I know that.
Yes, sir.
I know you VIP, lamp.
Whatever the hell your name.
What's your name, VIP?
My name is Lieutenant...
My name is Lieutenant Tim.
All right, Lieutenant Tim.
Keep your grunt in line.
Follow me.
Wait.
Yes, sir.
What happened to us?
You know what, we're out of time.
I swear.
Hold on.
Guys, we're out of days.
We just gotta leave.
Sir.
Shut up, moron.
Shut up.
What do you mean we gotta leave?
Repeat that.
I'm listening to Captain Madison.
Sir, I've...
Respectfully, sir.
I've sent us back to space, sir.
Somehow, the few items we did collect
aren't even on the ship.
Unless you guys are holding them.
I love that initiative.
VIP Tim, what do you have to say about that?
Oh, everybody thought I'd love to say.
Say it.
Say something.
I have to say, I think our next mission
is going to be a huge success.
And I'm happy to, of course...
Promenade attack!
Promenade attack!
Everybody, come on, attack!
Something to our disciplinary process.
Shut the hell up.
This disciplinary process, that's right.
Sir, remain calm, sir.
Sir?
Damn.
I think we were close.
Um, I almost had that one.
Okay.
Um, sir?
Welcome to your first day on the job.
This is your very own autopilot ship.
Do you guys happen to know who the captain is?
All right.
Not me.
Um, it says here on my vest that I'm the captain.
Oh, thank you, sir.
All right, sir.
Uh, my name is Private Philip Markle.
Okay, that's my name.
You're my first mate.
My name is...
Who are you?
Um, I'm Turn.
In turn?
I'm Turn.
I'm Turn.
All right, I'm.
Thank you.
You're in this shit.
Hey, I'm.
Hey, I'm, I'm.
You got a little something on your nose.
It's brown.
I would proudly wear my captain's shit all over my face.
All right.
Follow me.
Madison, your first in command.
I don't want, I don't want to.
Markle.
It's Markle, sir.
I don't know who Madison is.
Sir, respectfully requesting that we buy flashlights, sir?
Absolutely, sir.
Let me get on that computer.
I'll buy them.
Sir, respectfully, I already brought them.
All right, good.
With your permission, sir?
They've already been purchased already?
I mean, sir, there are giant pumpkins on this planet, sir.
This is good.
Yes, we can.
This will be a food source if we run low.
Yes, sir.
They're big, sir.
Hey, that's what she said, right?
You ever see any office?
That's some classic office home humor.
Hey, I hope the coffee is better on this planet, sir.
Follow me, Nimrods.
You got him.
Good stuff, sir.
I love that music.
It really brightens my day every time.
Makes me very happy, sir.
I'm feeling happy.
It reminds me of ice cream.
Sir, permission to talk about my feelings?
Permission denied.
Thank you, sir.
Way to go.
Here we go.
Follow me up here.
Remember the path back, you Nimrods.
Yes, sir.
I think we took three lefts.
Yes, I agree.
Right this way.
I'm actually surprisingly good at orienting myself, sir.
I think I'm going to find ourselves back.
Sir, if we get into any dangerous situations,
I don't want you.
Madison, you better left-click or whatever the equivalent is,
your lights on or your wasting power.
Sir, permission to ask a hypothetical question?
You want me to do it for me?
It's Markle, sir, but go ahead.
What if the pumpkins are normal size
and everyone else is super small?
A little voice in my brain said that to me.
They don't care.
Get in here.
Shut up.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Preliminary scans will go as follows.
Markle will go to the right.
Blackwell will go down the center.
And I will go to the left.
Please just scan one room and one room only
and then meet back here.
Yes, sir.
Can I recommend we don't yell, sir?
Yes, sir.
Sir, I found a very pleasant toy.
I put the toy outside, sir.
Excellent.
Excellent.
A message to the crew.
There's a land mine through this door.
Thank you, sir.
Way to go.
Great leadership.
All right.
Where should we go next, sir?
There's something horrible through this door.
Do not open this door.
Sir, there's a bunch of monsters up here, sir.
Get back here, Blackwell.
There's monsters through this door as well.
This door is a no-go.
Sir, we should leave.
I think we need to leave.
You're the new captain, sir.
Yes, sir.
I mean, yes, sir, I am, sir.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Thank you, sir.
I'm going to take this very pleasant toy back to the ship
because I think this will make us money.
Oh, there we go.
Should we bury the captain?
I guess...
I feel like the captain would like us to finish the mission.
You're right.
Let's not do anything.
Or anything else.
Let's not even think about...
He's probably fine.
I feel like he's probably fine, sir.
Thank you, sir.
I'm out of energy.
I cannot run anymore.
I also probably should have turned off my flashlight for...
I think I'm leading us the wrong way, sir.
I'll take this, but you got it.
No, I feel like you might have been close.
Uh, the captain is dead.
Is that correct?
Is that, sir?
Is the captain dead?
I think so, sir.
Oh, I think I see the ship, sir.
Sir?
Oh, way to go.
Well said, sir.
Thank you, sir.
It's difficult both being the captain, sir.
I think this toy that you found will bring in a lot of mullah
for our wonderful corporation.
It seems to be worth 80 mullahs.
I hope it's worth 80 mullah, sir.
All right, put it in this...
Put it in here, sir.
Okay.
Look at our beautiful toy.
Let's get the fuck out of here, sir.
Did I put it in?
You did.
Okay.
Um, okay.
Should we say a quick prayer?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Let's say a quick prayer, sir.
Uh, I hope...
No, I hope it wasn't painful.
Amen.
I miss him every day.
He was a beautiful man.
I miss him so much.
That's my prayer, sir.
Is that voice mod, sir?
Can I...
Oh, God.
Oh, new recruit.
New recruit.
Hi.
Hello.
We're both...
I guess that makes me the last mate.
We're both captain?
We've decided?
Yeah, we are both captain.
Okay.
Following general...
I'm your last mate.
What's your name, recruit?
You can call me Lefty.
Lefty?
Uh, I am co-captain Philip Markle.
And this is co-captain in turn.
Nice to meet you, both.
Pleasure to meet you.
Lieutenant?
Lieutenant?
Is he a lieutenant?
Is your VIP...
Am I a lieutenant?
I think we're both captain.
I think he's a lieutenant.
Yeah, I think we're both...
We're both...
We're both co-captains.
Yeah.
Come on, recruit, lieutenant.
Lieutenant, recruit.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I saw a big ladder over there, co-captain.
A big ladder?
Yeah, yes, sir.
Thank you, sir. That's one of my favorite ladders.
It might be good to get our bearings, sir.
Um, wait, this is the same planet.
I took us to the same planet, sir.
Or did I?
I don't see any huge-ass pumpkins.
Yes, sir.
Oh, wait, maybe we should get the new recruit.
Oh, you know what?
Just stick with us, new recruits.
Then you don't need a flashlight then.
See that ladder over there, sir?
That ladder over there?
Where?
Is it facing?
Yeah, let's do it.
That way.
All right, careful.
Don't die on the way down, sir.
That's happened to one of my previous friends.
I have extremely strong legs, sir.
Well, strength really has nothing to do with your knees, sir.
But, okay.
Well, I have strong legs, weak knees.
Runs in my family.
Then that's bad.
Then you should...
Doesn't matter.
How do we get to this ladder?
Give me a...
Give me a...
What the hell?
All right.
Now what, sir?
Is there any way up?
Can I use my hands?
Am I allowed?
Uh-oh.
The company permits hand usage.
Hand game is allowed.
I think our main entrance is this way, sir.
Who saw that?
Me.
Let me see if that boost actually worked.
I thought I was bullshitting.
All right, let me see here.
Oh my god, I think you can actually jump on each other.
Wait.
All scout ahead.
All right, we'll follow you, sir.
Co-captain.
Yes, sir.
Hand game of this crew is strong.
Main entrance, it's this way.
Sir?
Soldiers?
Captains and soldiers?
Hello?
No telling if they're alive.
Hello?
Damn, my voice being deep didn't help.
All right, no choice but to forge on ahead.
What the fuck?
All righty.
Oh my god, there's so much stuff in here.
They did leave us.
Okay, I need to not die.
Let's go the way where I don't have to jump to my death.
How did they get so lost?
Oh, fire exit.
Maybe I can call them from here.
Soldiers?
Countrymen?
Scotsmen?
Zero Scotsmen.
Oh, baby.
This is payday.
All right, you know what?
This is enough stuff.
Just need to not get m-
Well, let's-
Let's do a full scan of this thing.
Let's be just a little-
When has being a little greedy ever gone wrong in this game?
What's worth more?
Damn, if only I had two more hands.
Well, that's worth 50, and that's why you get greedy chat.
The fuck was that noise?
It will save the key.
Oh my god.
All right, all I can take is this.
I think they found the stuff I laid out for them.
Friends?
They must have taken it, right?
Yeah, they must have.
Thank you, Skymer.
And that's why I'm co-captain of this.
This ship?
Trash collection vehicle?
I heard him.
Hello?
Captain?
Captain?
Captain?
I'm here.
There you are.
Oh, captain.
Did you guys grab the stuff I laid out for you?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Is it on the ship?
Yes, sir.
Oh, so the ship's this way?
Yes, sir.
All right.
I think.
Should I go get more stuff?
No, no.
You can.
Let's leave.
We're in the green.
I feel like we should leave.
Yeah, we probably should.
I got a lot of stuff.
Way to go, Captain.
Great work, everyone.
Does your, do your shoulders hurt from carrying this team?
Thanks, Captain.
Captain, I'd like to report an anomaly.
All right, Lieutenant.
Captain?
I found a log on the ground.
I found that as well.
This place smells.
Finding that has promoted you to Captain.
Congratulations.
Yes, Captain.
Yes, Captain.
Captain now.
Right this way, Captain.
I don't know if it's possible to win this game currently working.
But we're going to find out today by being so good at it.
All right.
The hell?
We've got to be rich, right?
Sir, what is our favorite animal?
A chinchilla.
Captain.
You got a stop sign?
I got a stop sign and I got a key.
Hell.
I like this.
Hey, be sure to charge your flashlight.
Storage.
I don't have one.
No item is stored.
Press X to store it.
I think we can just leave them out.
All right, we're rich as fuck.
We just got to go to two more planets and do well.
Great mission, guys.
Oh, we also need to not die.
Let's not die, everyone.
What we could do to ensure our not death
is buy some radios and have one person stay behind and guide us.
Sir, I may have a new recruit.
That's perfect.
We need all the help we can get.
They will need the special package if they want to play with us, though.
They will?
They just need to download all those mods.
That YouTube link I say?
Okay, great.
It's super easy.
They just have to download two things and drag them into a folder.
All right, hang on.
Let me see if I can get our new recruit involved.
Okay.
Also, Griffin did say he's on his way home.
How many recruits can we have, sir?
With the mod up to 16.
Up to 16, sir.
Yeah.
We know how much our quota is, sir.
We've already crushed it.
It's only 130.
130?
Yeah, we got...
Holy smokes.
We got 258.
But if we make a bunch of money, then we can buy a bunch of stuff.
I am currently playing out of character with Case Blackwell and Tim Lampier.
The legendary Blackwell and Lampier.
The legend.
In character, my name is Philip Markle.
Somebody in chat requested a wolf.
I can make that happen for you.
A wolf?
How do we store all this shit, sir?
There's a little wolf in the middle of us.
Oh.
Getting crowded here, sir.
Let me know.
Oh, maybe you can invite them to the game, John.
I think you can.
What? Oh, yeah, I can, I think.
You just have to add them as a friend on Steam.
And again, anybody who wants to play in chat, more than welcome to.
That's our most valuable little guy.
Absolutely, sir.
I'm trying to store some of these items, sir, and they won't fit into the...
Oh, you don't need to store anything.
God damn.
Oh.
Yes, sir.
Well, you...
I mean, you can score like a stop sign, for instance.
Check this out.
Well, let's see you do it.
You don't...
Do you see that?
Did you just see that?
Yes, sir.
That's why you're the captain, sir.
Thank you.
Steam.
This game is $10.
Sounds like my YouTube is delayed, sir.
Are we waiting on somebody or should we go to another planet?
Ah, let's go.
Let's go.
Okay, they can join us whenever they'd like, though.
Yes, sir.
All right, guys.
Gales.
Hello, humans.
I think we happen to all be captains, because we're so proficient.
So I would just like to thank you, sir.
Try 11 objects.
Try captains.
Oh, guys.
This planet has 11 objects.
Sir?
Captain, sir?
Sir.
Be sure to charge your flashlight, sir.
Oh, well done.
Great initiative, sir.
Ow!
Getting around.
We just need to not all...
Planet has 11 objects.
We just need to not all die and we win the game.
For me.
Yes, sir.
It's not all...
That's none of us die.
Yes, sir.
Hey, team.
Yes, sir.
It's pronounced again.
Do we have a team name?
Tim name?
Our team name is Tim name.
Our team name is Tim name.
Team Tim name.
Team Tim name.
Watch out.
There's also...
Wildlife, sir?
There is wildlife.
There's also sand.
What's the word?
Quick sand.
Quick sand.
Quick sand, sir.
God, I'm stuck.
I was also stuck.
I went around like our captain Tim.
Captain Tim?
Oh, you're there.
Hey, team.
Team Tim name?
Team Tim name, yes.
I hope the coffee's better on this planet.
Good one, sir.
50 lashings.
Oh, no.
Oh, that's all right.
I like it.
Hey, guys.
Did we just pass it?
Data chip.
What the hell?
It says screams.
I guess they were having fun.
They were having a screaming good time.
There's the main entrance, sir.
I see it, sir.
I don't...
I think we have to go a different way, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Oh, there's another bridge over there, sir.
Oh, Gryff is in.
Um...
Sir?
Wait, I'm just letting another recruit know what's up.
Should we meet him back at the ship, sir,
or should we just keep going?
Um, no, we can keep going.
Uh-oh.
Supposedly this bridge is a little unsecure.
So just be careful.
Maybe only one of us should be on it at a time, sir.
It's vibrated.
It will vibrate.
I'm going to go for it.
I...
Oh, I...
I like the idea of one of them.
Where the hell is the entrance?
There it is.
All right.
We made it across, sir.
Wait, we should wait for Tim, sir.
All right, this bridge seems fine.
Bridge stops.
Let's go!
Can't see...
Oh, there's my flat.
All right.
All right, Tim.
Team Timname.
One of the...
I will go to the right
if someone else wants to go forward.
There's no forward.
The door seems to be bricked up.
Okay, well then, someone else can go the other way.
All right, I'll go with Tim from Timname.
Oh, baby.
I found a screw, sir.
Yes, sir.
A dead end, sir.
Sucks ass over here, sir.
Oh!
There's a monster coming.
We should leave.
Um...
Hmm.
Well...
Well, one of us go back to the ship
and there you can see if people die.
Do you want to go back or I can, Tim?
Take the screw.
I'll take the screw.
All right, here, take my flashlight.
All right, Godspeed.
Remember, it's for Tim Timname.
Team Timname.
I'm sorry, I messed it up.
Oh, boy.
Don't break, don't break, don't break, don't break.
Okay, we're good.
Hello?
What?
I'm down here.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I see you.
Tim went back in.
I'm going to go back to the ship.
I'm going to go back to the ship.
I'm going to go back to the ship so that we definitely don't lose.
Yeah, I will try to follow you, sir.
Okay.
Just go back to the ship, sir.
There we go.
Wow.
All right.
I don't really entirely know the way.
But I think it's this way.
Yes, sir.
Also, there could be monsters out, just so you know.
It looks like there probably is, sir.
It's probably wise that we get back to the ship before nighttime.
Yes, sir.
Oh, we're there.
That was fast.
How did you do that?
I jumped, baby.
Well, okay.
Company is happy with this.
I think Tim died.
So let's get out.
Yes, sir.
Let's get the hell out of here, sir.
Sorry, Tim.
Sorry, Tim.
Goodbye.
Oh, shit.
He was alive.
Oh, my God.
We left him.
Can I stop it?
Can you stop it?
No, you abandoned him.
I abandoned him.
That's why that was my bad.
I hit the wrong button.
Whoops.
I think you hit the button you wanted to hit.
I hit the wrong button, captain.
Uh-huh.
Captain.
What happened?
I didn't even die to anything.
I don't think.
Somebody hit the wrong button.
I don't know who.
It might have been John.
It was me, sir, right?
Okay, we got to give them all this shit so that we're rich.
I'll say this.
That was horse shit.
Did you have anything?
I had the flashlight.
Oh, yeah.
This time I'll get us even better flashlights now.
And I was exploring.
That's true.
How do we, uh,
I'd love to, I absolutely will guide the ray.
Thank you for, uh, Jake, if you got it.
Can you put the, oh, our air, uh, sir, excuse me.
Yes, sir.
Do we just, do we just leave the shit on the ship to guide it to the place or what?
Um, we just got to put all our junk in this receptacle.
That's it?
And then we sell it to a reasonable shopkeeper.
Teamwork, my man.
Hey, uh, hey, yes.
You know what I've been thinking about the coffee on this planet.
Yeah, I was thinking that.
That's, uh, great work.
Okay.
Oh, watch out.
There's a tentacle that'll kill us.
We could save this one so that we have more money.
Oh, I can't grab it.
Uh, too late.
That's fine.
Uh, Corporal, if you really want to repeatedly ring the bell a bunch,
it'll get it here.
The monster here faster.
I mean, sorry, the salesman here will come faster.
You ring the bell like a lot.
They opened.
Hit it.
Should we explore this planet or probably not?
There's nothing here, unfortunately.
Oh, let's order our flashlights.
All right.
And we order a gun, sir.
We can order our flashlights and other things.
Um, you're all order us the flashlights,
and then you guys can look at anything else you want.
Pro flashlight.
Okay, I still have my flashlight, sir.
I don't need another one.
Is our next quarter the same amount?
No, it's more.
It goes steadily up.
So if you, if you look in this store,
you can look in the store on the terminal.
And if there's anything else you want to buy,
we still have some money.
All right, let's see.
Shovel, lock picker.
No, we don't get the extra money, Skymer.
We, we could have saved some stuff and not sold it, but.
We're in 236, huh?
That's a huge key.
Yes, these are the pro flashlights for the real pros.
What did you get?
John, you want to see a secret?
Anybody want to see?
Flashlights went away.
Yeah.
Oh, more stuff.
I feel like that's not a secret, sir.
Just.
Uh-oh.
Did you die?
No.
What'd you get?
A shovel?
Nice.
I got the shovel, sir.
You can hit certain monsters with shovels,
and they might die.
Wow.
Uh, new recruit.
I got, I never caught, I never caught your name.
Oh, me?
No.
You're the, you're Captain.
Oh, he's the hit.
What's, I don't know if I forgot your name.
Captain, Cumberbatch.
Cumberbatch, that's correct.
Yeah.
So I think Lefty, Lefty wanted that.
So, can I buy something?
We only have a certain amount of money,
but if you have enough, yeah.
We have 189 credits.
Oh my God, we're pitched.
What's that noise?
Let me smack it.
I think those will kill like bugs and stuff.
Good.
So there's a pro flashlight, which is,
which is 30, 30% off, sir.
Well, we already got three, we got three of those.
Oh, wow.
Is it a heal?
Is it a radar booster?
Is it a loud horn?
Um.
It's a stunt, stunt grenade.
I don't know what any of those really do.
You can also pay to go to certain planets.
Oh, it's a shower, sir, or a television.
Those might not be too useful.
The most useful thing is walkie-talkies,
then we can talk to each other wherever we are.
How do you get that, sir?
It should be one of the items you could buy.
It says teleporter, inverse teleporter.
That's, that'll get you back to the ship,
but you lose all your items.
How do you get the, uh...
Radio, walkie-talkie, something like that?
You see anything like that?
Coms.
I don't see, uh...
See, oh, I see walkie-talkie.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, if we have three of those,
we can all talk to each other.
Okay, I'll buy three of those, sir.
Do I just put times three?
Yeah, you just type the thing and then three.
Confirm.
Oh, did you leave?
Hang on one second, sir.
Okay, yep.
We just don't want to leave if we bought something.
Give me one minute.
I'll get it.
Tim will get it.
Hey, camera.
Steed bonnet captain to this tub.
I would love to steed bonnet to the captain.
What the hell?
You got two of them?
Oh, there's the third.
I got it.
Grab that third one.
Oh, my God, the fire.
Yeah, never mind.
Is there a way to heal?
Um, I think you only heal...
Well, there might be.
You heal, I think, when you leave the planet, too.
I see.
But you can also buy a boombox,
and that'll play music all the time.
Sir, I think I should, uh,
let you know that I ordered three walkie-talkies.
We got them.
I think, uh, we may have a new...
We have a new crew coming in soon, sir.
Fantastic.
They can get our walkie-talkie eventually.
We might also have Griffin eventually.
I don't know.
Like this.
Do you like it?
I think dance, sir.
Like this.
You press one, captain.
One.
This feels right.
I would love to order that romantic table, sir.
How much is it?
Griffin's calling us on Discord.
Oh, yes.
It's 150, uh...
It's 150 credits, sir.
Griff, can you hear me?
Oh, yeah.
Where are my griff?
He's on this.
I just need your friend code.
Friend code.
What's that?
If you go to Steam and go to Friends,
it should give you a code
that you can just paste into here,
and then I'll copy it and invite you.
Use the terminal.
Read the manual.
Watch the clock.
Stick together.
I don't...
It's the clock.
There's no...
I just hit Friends.
There's no code.
I love working for the company.
Uh, let me tell you.
Let me tell you.
Edit profile?
Where's this fucking code?
Okay, so you go to Friends at the top.
Yo, yeah.
I'm clicking it.
And then you go to Add Friend,
and it'll say your friend code.
Oh...
Paste that into here.
I invite you.
There we go.
We can't be stopped at that point.
We have to be my friend.
Is that even the company we work for again?
It's Marl...
Marl stuff and something?
I sent you an invite.
So you...
Did you get the mod for this
so that there can be a bunch of people?
Oh, yeah.
I got the mod.
Then you're good to go.
Broken out.
What do I do?
You got a lot...
We're talking the game.
Yeah, we talking the game.
So we can leave the discord call once here.
In the game.
No problem.
I put another flashlight in the storage, sir.
We're full on flashlights.
Hell yes.
John Madison is full cosplaying right now.
He's...
I don't know if...
He's in the game.
He's in the game.
Righty here.
I don't know if Righty here should have the shovel, sir.
It's righty.
Okay, this is incredible.
This is the kind of afternoon I was having.
This is what you needed in your life, Griff.
This is what I needed.
I just saw...
I watched Paul G. Amari for two and a half hours and nine.
I see some creatures in that monster.
It's that...
It's the shovel, sir.
Is it working?
Okay, do you see how to get in the game?
I'm in the game.
I'm online.
Okay.
You should see a friend request for me to play the game.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
I'll invite you again.
Join a crew, host settings, credits.
So, like, joined.
Are you seeing a little pop-up to join the game?
I'd say like three.
Absolutely not.
There's no such pop-up.
Go to Steam and then Friends.
Steam, Friends.
Friendsless three online.
I have a Christmas code.
We should get him in the game, sir.
I can see that.
I have a Christmas party to go to later.
Enter a friend code.
Here, what's...
Where are we friends on Steam?
I don't know.
I don't know if I'm friends on Steam.
Are we friends on Steam?
You just got to be friends with one of us.
And then you can right click our name and select join.
On behalf of Griffin Wensler, I'd like to pitch horse streams.
You're going to pitch the movie to me.
Watch horse streams, Google horse streams and watch it
because it's an incredible short film.
Is John streaming right now?
What's going on?
Yeah, John and I are both streaming.
Horse streams.
This is good content.
But I don't know how to get Griffin in this game.
You got to be friends with one of us on Steam.
I accepted invite.
I know.
I know.
I accepted invite.
Okay, great.
I'm going to leave my character my next subscriber.
You don't need any of them to do anything, Griffin.
You just right click their name and select join.
Okay, I got three more people that are down to join.
Avaly, May, Ian and Raz, who we can introduce,
everybody to everybody.
Right click their name.
Nothing's happening when I right click their name.
Case for case on Steam.
I'll show you.
All right.
Stop using the flashlight.
Oh, here we go.
All right.
Case Blackwell friends.
You're right.
It is a dangerous game.
I'll do my most recent subscriber.
Here we go.
Grand category.
Nope.
Yo, watch game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have the mods downloaded.
Griffin and installed in the right folders.
I guess one of the mods,
it didn't have one of the files that he said.
That should be fine.
YouTube video.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You don't drag them in.
Huh.
Yeah.
It should be where it says watch game,
but it should say join game.
Yeah.
That's happening to another guy.
I I invited to watch Javel Karrion.
I'll name it.
I'll name it after my action.
No, I'll name it.
Yeah.
Next.
My character's name is now a femoral.
It's just Katie.
Hey, I could.
I could just try to start a new game or something.
I don't know if this one's just not working for some reason.
We're doing so well.
Oh, maybe we need to be in space.
Let's go into space and see if that helps.
Yeah.
Let's go into space.
My friend Justin also wanted to join.
Griff.
Griff.
We're about to go into space.
I think he installed it.
Everything.
Where is?
Are we in space yet?
Not yet.
Once we get into space,
you might be able to join.
It's all about that.
Another Justin is also trying to join.
Yeah, that might be why.
Maybe it's because we're not in space.
Yeah, let me try again.
I'm going to send it again.
Yeah, okay.
Try to join us now, Griffy.
I'll just be dancing.
Maiden Unity.
What the hell?
That's good.
Does this game have a password or a code?
I think so, but I can check.
Invite friends, settings.
It's fine.
It might just be.
I'm going to turn this fucking music off.
Good God.
There's no way to turn this fucking music off.
You can do my master volume.
Apologies to everybody for the echo.
We won't have it once.
We figure out how to get people into the game.
I'm doing a little dance, sir.
Join a crew.
Look down.
I mean, we can do this.
It looks like a case.
Oh, good.
Fuck it, we balls.
There's three of us in here.
So something with three.
Well, it should show up when we send the invite.
I joined.
I just joined through a team.
Right click case name or whatever.
Selecting game.
Yeah, I joined through Tim.
I clicked Tim's name and then I clicked join game.
What's your game?
We don't know.
Okay.
Oh, you didn't.
There's a couple with three people in them.
They have games to do.
Should we bail on this game and just start a new one?
It doesn't really matter.
It's all kind of the same deal.
We will lose.
Sure.
We will lose everything we spend money on.
But you know what?
Money doesn't matter.
All that matters is helping the company.
Friendship is all that matters.
And the more company.
All right, I'm going to quit.
And then we'll try again.
All right.
Enjoy your.
Friends only public.
No, friends only.
Okay, confirm.
Okay.
Of course Tim.
What's your game?
All right.
Your friend code.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Oh, it's the same game.
Because we have a shovel and flashlight already.
But no one's in here.
So maybe now we can invite people.
If you see me in Steam, can you like join?
No.
Friends.
Oh wait, not a game.
Okay, nice.
We didn't even lose our progress guys.
Just join back in.
There they are.
It looks great, Griff.
You don't even get it.
I'm leaving this discord call.
Okay, now we should.
Delete your discord call, man.
We're talking game now.
Does nobody making any sound?
I'm by myself.
Okay, we just.
Leave the discord call.
That's a good point, Subrichi.
If there are enough of us, we can make off corpses.
We just need John back in here.
Oh, John's not my friend though.
John's my friend.
He was joining off of me.
Oh good.
Uncle Porkums is here.
Yeah, that's Griff, I'm assuming.
Get John, what's your friend code?
Wait, did he already put it in here?
There it is.
I'm going to invite him again.
Ad friend.
Sub baby.
Now I can hear you.
Oh, how can I do that?
One.
It says John's playing.
I'll go look at his stream.
Maybe that'll explain what's happening.
It's never been this hard before, I swear.
That's what she said.
God damn it, I'm not subscribed to John.
He's on the main screen.
Is he not seeing an invite?
Is there a...
I think the max player is 16, so...
Did he accidentally set the max player to 3?
I don't think so.
Settings.
He's kissing a stuffed animal.
Anyway, this is a very unorthodox stream, I apologize.
Case, I don't think I saw an invite.
All right, here we go.
I'm back.
John.
Oh, you're back.
Hello.
How'd you find it?
I just clicked Tim's name and I clicked
Join Game.
Okay, good.
So it is that easy.
It's that easy.
That's it.
Oh, we got five.
Who's this?
Whoa, who'd we get?
We closed.
Hello there.
Hello, Justin.
Yeah, I was able to join just by clicking your name,
but I couldn't do that when you were in that world earlier.
Maybe you need to be in a ship.
Justin is an engineer and can help us in space.
No, that's good.
No, no, no.
I just filled the computers now for fun.
Well, that means you better help us out with all the tech stuff.
Let me show you.
Hold on.
Everyone, everyone relaxed.
Justin, let me show you a few things about the ship here, man.
Yeah, this is the first time I've joined this game, too, by the way.
This is the light switch.
You can press it.
Pretty interesting.
All right.
Ha!
I pressed it.
And as a, and another thing as an engineer,
you can be on this computer and type a bunch of stuff.
Pretty interesting.
Oh, I immediately started doing things.
Can we do anything else with these controls and knobs and batteries?
You can turn off the speaker up here.
I don't know exactly what that does, but I did it once.
Should we land on a plane?
Oh, I can open something.
That's the, uh, the kind of get out.
But I think it only matters if something's chasing us.
We press it closed.
Yeah.
The lights, I think, help you hide, too, if you need to.
So maybe you do need to be in a ship or somewhere safe to join.
Yeah, maybe.
You can't use these flashlights, though.
Well, once we land, it says we can't.
I can't hold and tell Landon.
Yeah, I see it now.
I'm going to land us.
Can you land us?
Can you do hacker things and this stuff?
You might be able to do a lot more things.
I've only ever lived like two rounds and then died.
So there's no telling.
We're going to be living.
What happens in this game for me?
I have a shovel.
If you see any bugs, talk to me.
Okay, I have a walkie-talkie.
I have a walkie-talkie, too.
So John, you and I can split up very easily.
Here's another flashlight for someone who doesn't have one.
There's one in here.
What's the goal here?
So we're grabbing trash and we have to bring it back to the ship.
You pick up stuff with E and you drop it with G.
Those are the main things.
And there's a lot of things can kill you.
Yeah, this looks pretty straightforward.
Confusing pretty cool.
And you don't want to leave your flashlight on at all times
because it drains the battery and the charge that you put it on.
Not to confuse everyone, but I just wanted to introduce myself.
My name is Officer Case Blackwell.
Well, that's fine.
I'm also Officer Case Blackwell.
Okay, great.
I'm fine with all this.
All right, here we go.
Okay, try to remember the way back to the ship, y'all.
I'm good.
It's proximity chat.
So the main thing is when we're not together,
we can't hear each other.
I'm going to smack this.
When you right click, it does like a scan.
Oh, and if you right click stuff, it'll tell you how much it's worth.
You can scan objects and also animals.
And you have to get the tools while you're on the planet or something?
Yeah.
Yeah, the only tools are what you buy from the company
because all that matters is working for the company.
It's like a persistent inventory
where you can carry your inventory to other servers.
I'm telling you, no.
Once we die, we lose it all.
We lose everything.
Okay.
At least one of us has to survive in order to keep the stuff that we collect.
Yeah, if all of us die, we're pretty fucked.
I mean, screwed.
I mean, whatever, you know, whatever word.
I found a door.
Okay, guys, a lot of lethal stuff inside here.
Some lethal stuff outside, too, but inside especially.
Officer Porcum says...
Oh, god.
Run!
Run!
Run? Really?
Somebody might have already died.
Is there a monster in there?
There's a gun in there.
Oh, god, they might have all just died.
Is it a gun?
Is it like a...
It's a full-on machine gun.
I think it probably killed all of them.
It's firing as soon as you walk in?
Yeah, we got to find a fire escape or just leave.
But I think it's just you and me now, buddy.
All right, Captain Case Blackwell,
should we try to just go back or what?
Well, it's unfortunate.
They had all...
We bought all those items and they're all definitely gone.
Should we try...
If we crouched and went in, would we be able to avoid the gun?
Maybe if we go in and sprint straight forward.
All right, I'm going to attempt this.
And I'll use the walkie-talkie to see if I survive.
All right, sir.
But if you don't...
If I don't hear on the walkie-talkie,
I'm just going to go back to the ship and leave.
I think that's the move.
All right, here we go.
All right.
Wish me luck.
Why can't I use this?
I made it.
Yes.
Watch out, there's a gun.
Yeah, I see it now.
Why can't I use this walkie-talkie?
All right, I got it.
No, no, I can't use my walkie-talkie.
I got to tell John not to leave one second.
John, don't leave.
I survived.
My walkie-talkie's not working.
Oh.
I think we need to charge him.
Anyway, if you go in here and sprint straight forward,
you'll live.
Oh, are all the guys in there?
John, do you agree if you alive still?
Yeah, I'm over on the left side.
Other side.
Oh, I see.
So we just have to sprint past this gun and then we're fine.
Can we deactivate it, sir?
I don't.
Maybe we hit it with a shovel?
Does it do any of us have a shovel?
Tim did, but he's dead, sir.
Oh, yeah, he's dead right there.
Did I get us killed or do we all just go in at the same time?
Oh, there's still a lot.
Griff's still alive.
He's still in here.
Oh, there's a shovel.
Yes.
I'm going to try to grab it.
Did you grab it, sir?
Not yet, but maybe I can this time.
Oop.
I'm checking it to make it look at me.
Okay, let's go.
I got it.
I got it.
Maybe now I can hit it.
It's very scary.
Okay, shoveling didn't do anything.
Oh my God.
Okay.
All right.
I'm going to leave that area, sir.
Does it still have bullets?
How many bullets?
Here, come this way.
It shot me a couple of times.
Does anyone alive?
Yeah.
Just hitting it makes it do that.
So, oh, okay, there's a monster in here.
There's a giant fucking monster in here.
Run, John.
Run.
Did you make it?
Okay.
I think we should, I think we got to leave.
All right, this map sucked, sir.
Yeah, that's an unfortunate start to our mission.
I was able to keep one walkie-talkie in a flashlight, sir.
I think we should leave as soon as possible.
I think it's unfair that that monster didn't get bothered by bullets at all.
I think that's a hack.
Hey, captain, I think we probably dodged a couple of bullets there.
That sense of humor is what keeps me going, and I do appreciate it.
I hope the coffee is better on the next planet.
Oh my God, did you just come up with that?
No, I've said it every planet, sir.
Oh, no.
What's happening to my memory?
I'm forgetting everything.
All right.
What weird is your voice echoed for a minute there, sir?
Did Griffin die, sir?
I'll check the thing.
It looks like Griffin is still alive, sir.
Oh, you're right.
All right.
You stay here.
I'm going to charge this walkie-talkie.
All right, I'm going to sing some crew songs, sir.
Why can't I use the crew?
I'm going to charge the walkie-talkie, sir, and then speak to everyone.
Okay.
I don't understand why I can't use it.
Send voice R Trigger.
Hello, hello.
Test, test.
Test, test.
Hello, hello.
Test, test, test.
D, R, test.
Oh, power button.
It's on now, sir.
Can you hear me?
How'd you do that?
You have to hit the power button first, sir.
What's the power button?
Well, on my controller, it's the D-pad button down, sir.
What the fuck?
How do I turn it on?
I don't know, sir, but...
Oh my God, I just looked it.
I just did a bunch of things I didn't mean to.
Oh, Z, let's you zoom in.
Okay.
Can you hear me?
There's a monster out here.
Leaving the planet now, sir.
Is Gryffin still in there?
Should we leave, sir?
Yes, sir.
Should we leave?
Um, no.
I'm going to go for him.
I'm probably going to die.
I'm going to leave my flash.
I'm going to leave the shovel, and I'm going to leave my flashlight.
All right, sir.
I would recommend you not go.
Okay, sir.
I would recommend we leave, sir.
Now.
Is Gryffin still alive?
There's a red dot outside the...
There's a red dot outside the building, sir.
I don't know if you're going to be able to get past us.
Okay, Gryffin's dead.
Let's just go.
Let's just go.
Let's just go.
Let's get the fuck out of here, sir.
Thank you for doing that, sir.
I appreciate your leadership.
I'm going to close the door.
Sorry to our friends.
There was a massive worm, and that was disconcerting.
The size of it.
You can see it outside, sir.
It's that red thing, and it doesn't look very good.
Did you scan it?
Wait, let's open the door.
See if we can scan it on the way out.
I think you already took off.
It didn't work, sir.
Loving this walkie-talkie now, sir.
Oh, back.
Hello.
Oh, my God.
Where am I?
What happened?
We died immediately.
I thought I got a skill, because that happened at the exact moment I hit Enter.
No way.
We both came in at the same time, and it locked down to me and not you.
It was funny because you were going...
And just so you know, there's a lot of stuff in here that can kill us, go and die.
We both fully Leroy Jenkins knit.
I thought we all went in at the same time, and we're just all mowed down at the same time.
A huge armored monster showed up and stared at me and didn't kill me for some reason.
If anybody has any stuff, you can charge it here, too.
Hey, team.
I hate to be that guy, the company man, but we're nowhere near...
Yeah, we got to get stuff or we're going to die.
We're nowhere near reaching our quota.
It's really important for the company that we do this.
All right?
Yeah, the company is important.
Okay, I'm back.
So we can't...
I know people might die, but we really need to make sure we get closer to reaching the quota.
All profit, everything.
All right.
Can we find more flashlights?
Oh, we can buy more.
Let's buy everybody flashlights.
Ah, yes, sir.
Who still has a flashlight?
I think we have two, right?
I don't have a flashlight.
Happy Friday.
Hell.
Store.
Oh, okay.
How many flashlights do we need, sir?
Three, I think.
Three flashlights on the way, sir.
There's no action.
I'm shoveling down.
Cutting into that earnings report, though.
Yeah, well, we're going to need that earnings report for sure.
I changed my suit.
Griff, I tried to come back for you, but then there was a giant worm.
Yeah, I was dead.
I was being really brave, though.
I swear to God.
Hey, don't forget the company motto.
Don't, if you die, you're expendable, I think, is the motto.
I'm not sure.
That's a good motto.
Did somebody buy the flashlights?
Okay, everyone.
I bought three flashlights, sir.
There they are.
Oh, here they are.
They're in our Christmas tree rocket ship.
Oh, here.
Over here, guys.
He didn't get him the pro flasher.
They're right there.
I got it.
Because he doesn't believe in them.
What's that?
Right here, guys.
What's that?
I heard that.
What was that?
Oh, nothing.
Nothing, Captain.
Oh, funny.
I mean, you know, it's that thing right there.
And that is one over here.
And I have the flashlight, and it doesn't help me with anything, it seems.
It'll help you in the dark, I swear.
Oh, it's like, it's proximity chat, too.
That's nice.
Yeah, once we're separated, we're all in.
That's really nice.
Okay, guys.
I'll have this going.
I'm the shovel guy, okay?
So if you see any monsters that need to get shoveled,
except for all the monsters we encountered last time,
that didn't give a shit about shovels.
And maybe if we, uh...
Maybe if we dive into, like, Gladow's.
Maybe if we hit the quarter of the light coffee to the menu,
Oh, hey, I found the entrance.
All right, that makes me the hero.
Where's our last guy?
I'm over here, guys.
Over here.
Uh-oh, do we lose most of our guys?
Guys?
There's a guy.
Yep, yep.
There's our guys.
That's just getting our last guy.
Let's go, guys.
Come on, guys.
Yo, should we buddy the animation?
I'll follow the guy with the shovel.
Yeah, I'll be shoveling.
So shovel and flashlights.
And the flashlight guys can do the flashlight,
and the shovel guys can do the shovel.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, exactly.
That's smart.
I really understand it.
It's safer this time.
There's no gun pointed at the door.
All right, don't forget...
Okay, guys.
There's something evil.
No, no, guys, guys.
Guys, there's something evil.
There's something evil.
Guys, guys, there's something evil.
Oh, okay.
There's no, there's a guy.
Guys, uh, you...
You have to look this way to go.
He's already got, uh, looks like this guy's
employee of the month.
Uh, John, somebody has,
somebody has to look at this spring guy at all times,
or he will kill us.
Can I kill him?
Wait, can I kill him?
Move.
Move, you morons.
I have the shovel, morons.
Move.
No, you can't, you can't, you can't kill him.
Move, you morons.
We're looking him.
Move.
Everybody relax.
Everyone relax.
Ah, another monster.
Oh, another monster.
All right, we gotta go.
Hey, great job, everybody.
Somebody's gonna die when they come out last.
Somebody should have probably just died.
Wait, you've the, who's got the shovel?
You're supposed to fight him.
No, you can't.
That guy's unkillable.
We have to find a fire.
It's not to me that we...
We have to find a...
The monster behind him killed somebody.
Yeah, we have to find a fire exit.
Sorry, Justin.
Sorry, Justin.
What's going on?
Well, every level's trying to kill us instantly so far,
unfortunately.
The point of this is synergy.
I've done a piece of schedule, but I lost it.
Officer Griffin, the point of it...
It's synergy with the company with each other.
Yeah.
Synergy, sir.
I think it's 155...
It's basically 2 p.m.
And I have no idea what's going on.
Yeah, that's, that's life.
Up here.
We went up here.
I'm out.
Oh, okay.
That's where the fire exit would be.
I'm pretty sure.
Out, out, out.
Out, out, out.
Out.
Welcome to hell.
Help.
Shit.
I have...
Help.
Help.
I have things that could be sold.
Where are you?
A metal sheet.
I thought we were...
We are two.
We are two.
What the hell?
We are one.
We all got stuck, man.
All three of you?
I'm almost out.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
We're all in separate holes, man.
Send help.
Drop a ladder.
Anything.
This is over.
This is over.
This is over.
This is over.
This is over.
Hey, well, you guys are just doing the worst at it.
Immediately.
I got out.
Oh, hold on.
You got out?
Oh, no, I didn't.
All right, that's fine.
We're going to be okay.
I'm going to let you guys sort this out.
Wait, wait, wait.
Go back to the ship and get a ladder and drop it down.
All right, I'll try.
Buy a ladder.
It's an appropriate use of company funds.
I'm going to try.
This is insane.
We're so fucked.
It's not good how fucked we are, guys.
I swear it's not a positive.
Wait a minute.
I'm also lost.
That's also probably bad that I'm lost.
The entrance.
Oh, man.
There's a lot happening right now.
I found the ship.
It's just crazy.
I can't believe they all fell in a hole.
Are they still alive?
They're still they're all in the holes.
I just saw a red thing flying towards specifically me.
Okay, store.
Ladder.
What shovel?
Extension ladder.
Okay.
Oh, we don't have enough money.
How many days do we have left?
Two.
So tomorrow we'd have to make $236.
I think there's no choice.
I think I got to leave them and we just have to try to bet it all on tomorrow.
Goodbye, brave soldiers.
What red thing is flying towards me?
It hasn't been the most successful round.
But hey, I just don't want the people that are dead to have to wait for too long.
Okay.
Okay, it was.
We didn't have enough money.
You lead the way this time.
All right, I'm going to lead the way.
They're left guys.
We have to get some items.
Yeah.
So we have to make $236 or we're dead.
So what's how do we do that?
We don't even know what the fuck's going on.
So basically when we enter those spooky areas, there's items all over the
ground that you can scan by right clicking and they'll tell you how much they're worth.
So they're usually worth like anywhere between like 20 and 80 bucks.
So much fun watching you all fall in the holes while dead.
The hole I got up in the fire was just a bad game design.
I was I can't afford to.
I got to literally cry.
So fucking fired.
All right.
The key does have a key.
The key opens the lock door.
I feel like we should not spend any money.
We need more flashlights though.
I think we need one more flashlight.
And then we should just go to the roof.
There's always a thing to explore.
How many flashlights?
Just one.
And then we'll stay.
Let's not do anything.
They do.
Okay.
Fine.
Whatever.
Let's just go for it.
How many unkillable things are there like that last monster?
Most of the monsters can't be killed where weak little babies that can't survive.
I'll be fine.
I'll be fine.
All right guys.
This way is the way.
I'm going to go rogue sir.
All right.
Good work private.
Someone get their hiccups checked out.
It's me.
I got hiccups.
I can't get rid of them.
How does this last night?
I've got a great hiccup here.
Okay.
I'm going to go through Christ.
I'm going to go through this door and tell it.
Come back out immediately or that if I don't that means I've died.
All right.
I'm going to go a different way sir.
No jobs.
Okay.
There's no immediate death at least.
Okay.
I'm going to go with John.
You guys go that way.
All right.
That's fine.
All right.
All we got to do is find some stuff by exploring.
We're more than three hundred dollars.
We'll have to find a bunch of stuff.
Okay.
Nothing this way.
Oh, we lost somebody.
We're good.
Justin.
I still hear you.
Oh, that's you griff.
Okay.
He must have gone a different way.
Justin.
He was.
There's only one way.
He was right behind us.
Jesus Christ.
He might have jumped to his death.
Which would be.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
There's a locked door up here.
Is there?
Oh, we should have brought the key.
Oh, I didn't.
You're right.
Yeah, we should have brought the key.
I was fine.
Oh, here's the key.
Here's the key.
Where's the door?
Sweet.
It's over there.
It's this way.
Oh, baby.
I can't set a hiccup in this direction.
It's because you're so scared, griff.
I don't have a flashlight.
You have to stick together.
Hey, here's the thing.
Griff, scan this.
See, it's worth money.
We need that.
It's worth 50.
Yeah.
I just took it.
Let's take it outside and then we'll keep going.
Oh, there's a key.
There's a key on this side.
This is the locked door, though.
OK.
I'll open the lock door.
Oh, here's the key.
There's a key on this side.
This immediately makes me full, too.
Yeah, it does.
Oh, there's something in there.
There's a key.
Yeah, but look, there's something.
There's something lit up in there.
Yeah.
We should probably put that thing you grabbed outside
and then come back.
OK.
There's a door that is open right here, too.
OK.
No, let's take the thing.
Let's take the thing.
We got the thing.
We'll just see what happens.
Oh, OK.
This is worth a ton of money, this thing.
This gives light, too.
Oh, but I'm getting radiation.
Yeah, don't worry about that.
I've never, I don't even know
if that actually does anything.
Great view alive.
OK.
Yeah.
There's a steering wheel in the next room.
All right.
Let's put these two valuable things outside
and then we'll keep going.
OK.
You have to leave us outside.
I don't have the light.
Yeah.
Follow my voice.
There's a level of radiation.
Yeah.
I think it's from the thing I'm holding.
Yeah, that thing is bad for our health.
OK.
Griffin, follow our voices over here.
Griffin.
Wait, Tim's in here?
Over here.
Over here.
Yeah, I'm here.
Tim and John are in here now?
Yeah, we are.
I just got on the ground.
We're just throwing stuff on the ground, OK?
Yeah, just outside.
Oh, we're 16.
OK, that's worth 80.
You can run it back to the ship.
May as well, I guess.
There is another upstairs area
we didn't search, right?
Yeah, no.
We have to find.
This is our last day.
We have to find more stuff.
We need, like, $100 more.
Yeah, this is our last day.
Yeah, we got to find more stuff.
Last day before what?
We die.
OK, I'm going to keep looking.
Anybody still in here?
We got to find more stuff.
Yeah, I know.
Or else we're going to die.
Yeah.
We're going to kill us.
The company will kill us.
It also gets more dangerous the later it gets.
Nobody can hear me.
No.
Where did everybody go?
Sir, officer case.
Yes?
Sir.
Yes?
Sir.
Yes?
Over here.
Yeah, I see you.
Follow me.
Why?
Because there's another entrance up here, sir.
All right, let's give it a shot,
but let's see if these other people come back first.
OK, John's going off on John's.
John's playing like I usually play, and that's fair.
A little taste of my own sweet, sweet medicine stuff.
No, I'll get it.
We need to find, like, three more things,
and then we won't die.
We can do it.
How much money do we need to make?
I think we have, like, $120 so far,
so we need to make another $110.
OK.
John found a new entrance,
but I say we explore what's left of this place.
So come with me, too.
I'll follow you, man.
You have a flashlight, huh?
Nice.
I am the only one that does, too.
OK, so I think we got to try this jump.
I think you should try it first,
and then go over there and tell me if there's anything.
So I'm shining it for you.
Oh, OK, there you go.
Yeah, shine for me.
OK.
Oh, OK, it's dark.
There's nothing?
It's dark, I think.
I need to know.
It's just...
I'll come to you, Griff.
Just to give me a second.
I have a key.
Oh, here.
I have a key if we need it.
This guy's drunk.
He's fucking so...
I can't pick up it.
Uh-oh, my flashlight's out of batteries.
All right, let's go the way that...
Oh, let's go back.
Yeah, let's go the way that...
John found a new entrance,
but I should honestly charge this flashlight
and then come back.
OK, we don't have much time.
Yeah, it's getting late.
Are we leaving?
No, no, no.
I will die if we leave.
Uh-oh, that's a bad sign.
That creature data is a bad sign.
Is that creature data?
Yeah, I just got a new creature data to think and determine on.
Is John still alive?
He is.
OK.
Those two things are going to be worth
about a hundred bucks, Skymer.
Don't go back in there.
Don't go back in there.
And where?
The door.
There's a monster.
The main door?
Yeah, I think it killed Tim.
There's a side door.
Let's go check it out.
OK, this door is no good.
There's a scary monster.
OK, I hate that.
I hate that for us.
If we grab Tim's body, it is worth money.
But we can't probably because of the monster.
Griff, you still with me?
Yo, yeah, I'm right behind you.
I have the hiccups.
What the fuck?
This is so tall.
All right, here's an entrance.
Let's hope we don't die.
Come back out if we don't.
If you don't die.
Seems fine so far.
OK.
OK, John is dead.
John is what?
John's apparently dead.
There's a sound.
There's a spooky sound.
Yeah, that means there's a monster in here.
I don't see where you are.
Um, I'm over here.
There's a monster way to the right somewhere.
We got to find stuff, though, where we're dead either way.
Yeah, let's see.
Let's see if we can find some stuff.
Plastic fish value 28.
OK, that's not nothing.
What's this glowing thing?
That is a little...
If we mess with that, it'll turn off all the lights.
It'll turn them off?
Yeah, or it can turn them on sometimes,
but I don't know how to do that.
Does he look like there's no lights?
Want to do that thing or anything?
Yeah, nothing.
There's definitely a bug monster in here somewhere.
I'm here.
OK.
OK, um, uh-oh.
Yes, or anything?
No, I think this is a plastic fish.
We got to find something or we're fucking dead.
Also, my flashlight's gonna die soonish.
How much money are we at?
I have $30 fish.
Uh-oh.
Something's chasing us.
Oh, we went the wrong way.
We might have to sprint over something in a second.
Oh, there's stuff this way.
Or there's nothing.
I don't like our chance.
Yeah, me either.
Oh, here's the door.
Oh, it's locked.
Do you have a key?
I have a key.
Let's try it.
You have to use it on the door.
A thing.
Excellent.
Oh, stuff.
OK.
You can pick this up too, Griff.
Oh, and a bolt.
This is all right.
I don't see anything.
Bottles, $100.
If we can get this stuff back to the ship,
there's a chance it's enough.
It might not be, but...
Bottles are 100.
That should be good.
Um, I think it's packed this way.
Oh, hello.
Hey.
Tim?
Tim?
Good, Justin.
Oh.
Justin, how'd you get in here?
Where are we?
We gotta get out of here now.
I'm going outside.
You gotta help us get out of here, man.
We don't go downstairs, Kase.
That's definitely not right.
Oh, there's another thing.
No, we got in.
There's a monster down there somewhere.
There's a fire door that we came in somewhere.
Yeah, in this fucking room, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Or this leg of a hallway.
Uh-oh.
Oh, God.
What time is it?
I can't tell.
I don't know.
Four o'clock.
Oh, I think it's...
Oh, is this it?
Is this...
Maybe this way?
Is this the dead end?
I think.
Fuck.
I'm up here.
I'm at the top.
I think we're doomed, though.
I don't think there's any chance
for us to make it back in time,
unfortunately.
Yeah, this is really hard to navigate.
Like, where the fuck...
Why is there a spooky noise?
Why is there no door?
There was a door here.
Yeah, I swear.
It was near here.
Oh.
Oh, fuck.
Well, we got Kase.
What up, Kase?
Uh, I think we have to try to run by it.
All right.
This way, and then we'll just
see how far we can go.
This is where we got the pitch.
I'm so confused.
Yeah, let's just go downstairs, I guess, and...
Oh, is it this door?
Maybe it's just this door.
What the fuck is this door?
Yeah, let's just go down.
That's where we funneled the stuff.
This is where it is.
Down the stairs?
Downstairs, I guess.
I don't know.
Oh, and we're fucked.
Yeah, we're doomed.
It's too bad.
This is just a dead end.
Yeah, what the fuck happened
to the door to that fucking monster eat it?
Damn it.
Hi, welcome to hell.
Oh, we all died.
Yeah, we're so dead.
That sucked.
We, we, we want to do a room.
Really well, I've never seen the key be used.
So we're all just going to get
space, like the expanse?
Yeah, I have to just
take us to the company store
and then we'll have to die.
Yeah, we're all going to die in a minute.
I just don't want to hiccups anymore.
That's what I'm calling it.
Griff, I really, I have a hiccup here.
Shut up, kill us.
Griff, I've got a hiccup here.
I promise it works.
And talk to me.
All right.
Do you have water near you?
No.
How do you dance?
Okay, can you get water?
Yes.
Okay, get water and then
let me know when you have it.
Okay, I have water.
Okay.
Stand up wherever you are.
I drank it all.
No, that's not what you were
supposed to do.
Get sorry, I'm thirsty.
Get more water.
Okay, hold on.
I have a cure, I swear.
Just tell me the whole cure
and then I'll go get the water.
All right, here's the whole cure.
I'm just on a phone call.
Get the water, put water in your mouth,
then stand up.
Don't swallow yet.
While you're standing up, bend over,
then swallow the water
while your head is upside down,
then stand back up
and then the water will flush
the air out of your chest
and that will give her the hiccups.
Because there's air in my chest,
this is what you're saying.
I'm saying that will work.
Okay, here I go.
You have to film it
while you do all of that though.
Don't film it, just give her the hiccups.
All right, I'm just gonna take off
because we're gonna die no matter what.
All right, I'm gonna go get killed
by the...
Did that work?
How do you dance?
I don't think that worked, man.
Yeah, we all dance.
While your head was upside down
and then came back up.
Say it again.
Sorry, that usually works.
Hey, hey, drink a lot of water.
Oh, my God.
The opponent system being close to you.
Welcome to our disciplinary process.
Turn off the speaker.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, bye, everybody.
Wow.
It's like the rock and roller coaster.
Go over and stand back up.
So, yeah, you stand up
and then you have it in your mouth
and then you bend over,
then while you're bent over,
you swallow and then you come back up.
Yeah, that's what I did.
It was really hard to swallow like that.
Oh, it didn't work?
Welcome to your first day on the job.
I'll try it again in a minute.
I'm sorry.
Also, vinegar also helps,
but that usually works.
Okay, I bought us three flashlights.
Fantastic.
Um, oh no, everything is flooded?
What?
Everything.
Where do you see?
Everything is flooded.
Is he talking to you?
Uh, every planet is flooded.
Hey, that's okay.
Maybe it is fine.
The company thought this would be
a good place for us to be, so.
This is where we just were.
We got it.
Are the flashlights going to come down?
Oh, the flashlight should come down.
Yeah.
Where's the flashlight?
There's the flashlights.
Oh, there they are.
Uh-oh.
I am drowning already.
You are?
No, I mean, I just am in water immediately.
There's the main entrance.
Oh, what's this?
Oh, hang on a second.
That's where we get, get items.
I think we only have three.
You could have mine if you want, Griff.
You want mine?
Nope, nope, nope, nope.
Okay, man.
Main entrance up here.
Main entrance up here.
This time we got this.
We're professionals.
Professionals who get paid entirely in hazard pay.
Yeah, that's right.
We get the hazard pay.
All right, I'll go in and come back out.
Okay.
No immediate death in here, guys.
But immediate goodies?
No, that's money.
Bring that back to the ship, Cadet.
All right.
Uh, who has a flashlight?
I'll go this way.
You guys go that way.
You see that authoritative, you go this way.
I'll go that way.
That I just did, guys.
Hey, here's a key.
There.
Or rather a key.
Oh, wait, I can just grab it.
All right.
Okay, I got it now.
Did you say a kitty?
There's a kitty.
Um, yeah, you want to use the right click liberally
so that you can scan it.
Yeah, especially if you grab a flashlight.
Yeah, for sure.
Okay, you two go over there.
Okay, I'll keep going this way.
I have a key if anything's locked.
Oh, great.
One of these rooms.
Oh, I'm dying.
Monster, monster, monster.
I'm going to die, guys.
Oh, no, it's on his head.
How do I get it off of him?
Oh, he's dead.
Oh, no.
We're off to a worse start than I thought.
You can't do anything, Tim.
It's fine.
Let me go.
John, I'm coming.
I'm all right.
Damn.
I got face-huggered.
I heard it too late.
But I think you die too.
Okay.
If Jake makes it out, we're in great shape.
Take this body.
Hey, take this body back to the ship.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
What happened?
Oh, fuck.
Oh, god, I've got a fucking body.
Come this way.
Go back in.
They run if you can.
I can't run.
I'm carrying an item.
They just got to make it out with this thing
and we're good to go.
Yeah, this way.
Get out.
Go get, take it back to the ship, I think.
Oh, that's a door.
There's a space flea over there.
Please just take it away for now.
Full effort now.
Space flea?
All right.
Get back.
Take that back to the ship, Justin.
Oh, no.
Are we allowed to see it drowning?
That's my corpse.
I'm attached to that.
Try to save your flashlight.
We'll save our flashlights, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, oh, we got $5 for somebody's body.
Mm-hmm.
And nothing's here.
The only way is towards that space flea.
That's extremely depressing.
Do we have any weapon that could kill it?
Good bye.
A shovel, maybe.
And then you could take my body.
That's true.
You can't believe I died so fast.
It's like, we're thank you for the raid.
The last spot it was down over there.
The news today?
I'm still playing this insane game.
Over there?
Somewhere, yeah.
I closed the door.
You have a great day, too, or we can too, man.
Here I am.
What's up, man?
Hey, there's a space flea down that way.
It'll suck onto your face.
Oh, shit, you died.
So you died.
Yeah, don't go there.
Keep these doors closed.
I think the other way is we go this way.
But you delivered that useful thing.
Yeah, exactly.
That was the space flea.
Nice.
Should we go this way?
Jump across if you want to.
Uh-oh.
Oh, you made it.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, no.
There's nothing in here.
This isn't here.
Oh, there's shit in here.
Okay, there's shit.
Oh, wait, no, there isn't.
Oh, never mind.
Oh, there's a key.
Um, I did like an hour of the news.
I'll be back on my news stuff next week, I think.
This week was a little A this game.
So we either need a shovel or need a lead.
Live streams.
Let's lead because maybe the key can be used
in the same place we used last time.
Oh, my God.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, the side entrance.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, wait, what about this door?
Oh, that's the first space flea.
Yeah, dude, not going that door.
Oh, that's not.
I can't yell.
Yeah, thank you.
I didn't mean we should leave.
We should leave now.
He died.
He jumped up.
Oh, he's got the key.
That sucks.
Oh, well, I have a key as well.
I mean, that sucks.
That's so hard.
Should we leave?
Yeah, they should just leave.
Only BS.
All right, let's go.
If they just if they leave, we're ahead.
Time to leave this planet.
It's four o'clock.
It's Queen of Justin's alive.
Justin is.
Oh, you can't hear me.
Honestly, did that kill you?
What you just did?
Oh, no.
As long as one of them survived.
A little wet down here.
Justin, what killed you?
The plan gets worse as the planet.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
What killed you, Justin?
We might want to take this pipe.
Oh, no.
I don't know.
What do you think?
A pipe.
No, we can make it, I guess.
Really?
Just leave it to us.
That's right.
Air running out of air.
OK.
OK, yeah, we're good.
What the hell is floating?
All right, one of them is back.
Justin?
No, he's dead.
No, I think he might be dead, too.
Oh, they've got my body.
So we made $85.
Yeah, you're right.
How do we check them?
I don't know.
Oh, they're on the chip.
Let's make it leave.
Oh, you're right.
We're monitoring John Madison.
Hold on.
Yeah, just hold right-click
and it'll make them leave.
Hold on.
Are they?
I don't know.
Oh, switch.
Yeah, Justin might not be around.
Play your name.
Justin's around.
Jay Vicarian.
VA.
Put that down, John.
Oh, shit.
Did he not get the thing back?
Oh, no, he did.
Oh, he's got something.
How did he die?
He should have gotten the bodies, though.
It switched to him.
Hey, he might be right outside.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, is he outside?
He might have been around, though,
so we got to be careful.
No, no, wait.
Don't vote to leave.
I think it's over here.
Don't do it, you know.
Over here?
There it is.
Oh, he's got loot.
Oh, good.
There's loot, too.
All right, here I go.
You ready?
Justin, you grab this ladder if you can.
Okay, good.
I'm glad that they didn't leave.
Oh, that.
You can't whip that.
You drop it.
Drop it.
Get up here.
Uh-oh.
Are you alive?
Okay.
I'm alive.
So what do I do?
Is there a way we can get that?
Is there?
Oh, that's why he died.
He drowned.
Hey, hey, hey.
Do you want to try it?
Okay.
Yeah, but I'm going to,
I'm going to do something first.
I'm going to drop the flashlight
in case I die.
Oh, good idea.
And then I'm going to go.
Okay, good idea.
Can I climb it with his body?
Um, I don't think so either.
Dude, flooded plants suck.
Oh my God, it's hard to swim.
Okay, here I go.
Well, if he can get off to the side,
maybe he can jump on.
From the left side?
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, I think he's going to die though.
I think he just died.
Uh-oh.
Oh, no, he's panicking.
He's panicking.
Oh no, run!
Run, run!
Get out of there, Tim!
Dude, the freaking ship is flooding.
That was fucking scary.
I didn't know you can't swim.
I made it all the way back to the ship with an item,
and then I drowned trying to get up the ladder.
Yeah, how do we get anything back?
Somebody got back to the,
oh, I guess the water level was rising.
Yeah, I tried.
It seems like it's flooding.
Okay, yeah, we should try not to go to flooded planets.
Yeah, flooded planets suck.
Does it let you choose?
Yeah, if you type in moons in the tournament,
it'll tell you.
Hey, hey, hey!
John, you died to something freaky, man.
You died to something freaky, my brother.
You saw that?
Oh yeah, I was looking right at it.
It was like, ah!
Yeah, uh-uh.
How do I-
Somebody said I was the Jimmy Fallon of theater kids,
which makes me extremely depressed.
That is brutal. That is a brutal
Okay
Who wants to have a key I
Can guess it means I have an alcohol problem you want to wait who wants the key here?
I'm dropping the key right here. I'll take it. I'll take it
So it became good stuff. It just stays on the ship on the floor. We sell it at the end of the run
Okay
Okay hazard level D is low. That means we're pretty safe
Oh, we don't have enough to buy a shovel. Okay. Well, we'll just say that's good. We'll just hope for the fight
I've got a key. We got a flashlight. We got our our teeth fear it
All right, we're here guys. Hello. Hello anybody anybody anybody
We lost them yeah, I'm already who's that it's me. That's case
Did they go different way?
Yeah, I don't know
Okay, well, we'll be a team John. Let's go this way. All right, you and me case. Let's do it
There they are. I see them running
This way way they're up here
Those goofy by the ladder here. Let's go up here. Yeah, let's check it out. Let's get a lay of the land. Oh
God, it's only maybe there's
Somebody dies somebody jump. Is there a monster up here thing?
Check this shit out, baby. This is extremely tempting, but this is all
God there he goes
All right, welcome
Yeah, all right, we did it
All right, this jump has actually killed me before so even though it looks like we just did yeah
He's got to make sure you jump and don't just fall. Okay. Have you played this before I played it a couple times now. Oh
Shit, this is a more dangerous area, but look let's take this outside right now
I
Just looks John face. Oh
Question should I drop? Should I drop it down there? Yeah, just drop it down there and then we'll keep looking
Oh shit
Okay, well, you're gonna fall for sure
All right. Well, I'll see you later. Wait John. I'm gonna drop this. Oh, well, let's take this back. Oh, no
Okay, let's just take this back and then we'll come back
So that area the library
Look at the magic. Yeah, I think it means there's more dangerous shit in there, but also more valuable stuff
We got to go back. Yeah, we should go back
All right, let's fucking do it. We can also check if they're still alive
Currently fuck that. Let's just go back in there as soon as possible. It's already 11. We got to go
There's still a lot. All right. They are great. Let's go. Yeah, let's go
Hey, who's that? Oh, that's 1137
Okay
Cardboard cat. All right, let's go. Let's do it. How do we get there? We just got to go up that ladder again
Is that the same ladder? I guess it is. Yeah. Okay. Here we go. Oh
Armor a more head there. Don't worry about it. I have such a thing my one mic
I have a such a big skin take anything. All right. All right, Ace
John is taking charge. It's kind of sexy
Yeah, yeah, man, it's working for you. Oh my god
Oh, what do you think's over here?
pressure
Pressures. Oh my god. Hey, case. What'd you find? Look something's over here. I hear you guys
Oh nice, this place is huge. Oh, don't fuck with that. Yeah, I was just
Shit John. Yes, you're still here. Hello. I'm just trying to make sure I remember the accident
It is very mazy
All right, let's just try to get some treasure to get up
That's a good idea. It's just like a hidden door. Oh shit. I'm just a key on the wrong one. Yeah, that's fine. Okay
God damn not having a flashlight is rough
Where the hell is everything?
Oh nice a ramp so it's a ramp with little slitted
Raises
Well, yeah, but let's keep looking fucking nothing here. I don't get it. Yeah, I don't know. Oh, there's a monster. They're running into it
All right, so we leave
No, we should try to find something
We didn't find that we didn't find something technically. Yeah, you're right
Oh
This looks promising. Oh
Wait, this is where we are
Okay, let's go through here
Well, yeah, I mean something will kill us eventually I'm on a time old age. Oh
John you can go down. Oh, there's a monster. Okay. Yeah, let's go
Give me your flashlight
All right, all right, you go back
Because I want to live okay, they were flashlights dead. Let's leave
And the answer is yes submit yourself to the process of death. All right, let's go be responsible
Astronaut trash men. Oh John
Where do you even go? Oh?
Look at the Sun
Watch out for this
Did it kill him up please all right who's still alive?
I am. Oh John's still up good all three of them are still alive. They're on their way back
I think and they oh, well, they are they should be right here. I think they're lost
Hello, I'll go look for him. I'll help you
Hello
Hello
Hello, hello friends. Hey
Where are you guys we have a we have a lot of loot there you are
We're gonna get to the ship help us get to the ship
Here the ships over here the ships over here. Okay. Yeah
Man quick get on get on the ship case blocker what looking for you
I'll try to distract you guys
We got
The company needs you let's go
This side yeah the other side oh my god that thing's scary here. Yeah, I mean I went
Started hopping towards me all weirdly close the door everybody
We did it let's get the fuck out of here
That noise is the monster a ton of stuff too charge your
Proud of us. Maybe we're gonna charge your
Flashlights and stuff. I keep my flashlight to case black. Well
Extra hazard pay. Okay. If we can just not die at the next planet. We're like way ahead on money
I'm buying myself a good flashlight. Does anyone else need one? You say extra hazard pay again?
I'm gonna make sure that you're ejected from this fucking ship
Everyone gets a profit share right everybody gets
Everybody gets stuck in the company
Public yeah, but you have to survive for five days and hold it best year
You have to make a phone call you could fucking hold it. All right, not till we hit the quota. Did somebody pick a moon
I didn't buy a flashlight
Look at me. Do you there's it look like I'm picking a moon. All right. I'm picking a moon
Yes, so one should stay behind probably
I'll take I'll take a flashlight
Okay
We're on a pleasant forest world. We can't afford the flashlights friends. Do we need flashlights?
I'll take one you got an extra. We have no money. There's one right here. I'm looking at it. Oh, yeah. Oh
That's right. I trust someone else to like the way
Okay, just try not to be all alone and if you can you think everybody's gonna die try to make it back to
Or we
I'm a wreck I'm a recommendation
It's right and I'm missing Tim. Where's Tim? Tim permission to speak
I
recommend we go in the direction that like
That the basically the latter is that way all we need to do is go strict and everybody
I don't know what I said
Tim is
Yeah, okay, let's leave Tim behind
Chop of the bees
Bees
Over here
Oh watch out for that bridge to the right it's it's shitty the concrete bridges stronger that one can fall down
Did they hear me? They might not have heard me. Oh, you made it
Yeah, I think so too this bridge can fall down just a heads up
Yeah, I said crouched, but I heard that right as I got on it
Okay
Wait, how do we lose the other two already other John?
Oh
What was that was that one of you
Let's go into teams of two John you
Okay, sir
Hey, nothing
Oh door
These halls are the worst they're so confused. Oh my god. This is so confusing
Okay, this is fine. This is where we just were this is promising. Well, this is what that's back to where we just were
Yeah, so like if you come through here, see it's connected. I think this is the way forward
Okay
Was there nothing I don't hear them anymore either. I hear you guys
Do this area sucks
We're gonna ride that and a plastic fish. Oh nice
You
Just connects to a way you can get without jumping. All right, let's let's get out of here. This place is done
There might be another one we just
I
Just gonna jump
Yeah
Shit computer terminal can be used to access doors
Let's fall let's go upstairs. Oh, wait. No, let's go back down. Yeah, you're right
Yeah, somebody usually has to stay behind
A door
That's a monster room that means there's gonna be a monster. Let's go
Okay, there's a monster back the way we need to go. Oh, we have no choice, right?
I don't think so. I think we have to jump across that thing, right? I don't know
I don't really know how to get a monster is doing me immediately to the right right here, though
I think we have to jump across but the monster is right over here. It's right next to the stuff
Yeah, there you go. I think we have to go this way
You got out of here. This is the way to go guys
No, I think we have to jump back across
I'm ready. I'm ready. Sure. All right
Griff go
I don't think we can jump with that. Oh
My flashlight's dead
This is not the way out, I don't think but whatever
Yeah, mine's dead
We'll be came in somewhere over here. I'm right into the company after this and I'm saying that we should only use high-tech flashlights
Thank you, John. I appreciate that
You think I think there's any lasting damage after being resurrected so many times
No, I think the fact that Tim is just on the ship is the only thing that's gonna save us. We're walking in circles
Where are you I think I found it
Other way turn around other way turn around this way. Yeah, this seems proud. Nice like this nice
Yes, good job, okay, let's leave
We got a soda and I actually got a thing that's worth 80. I think we're like 40 or something nice
Poor griff got mushed the left
Okay, there's no way for us to tell who else might be dead, right? Well, we just don't know if Tim is dead
Alright, here we go. I just go straight
There's a monster here. That's a monster. Yeah, right. There's the ship
Oh, it's on the it's on the right. It's on the right. This one come this way come this way
This way this way. There's a monster over there gigantic like a literal giant is over there. Okay
Let's get the fuck out of here. Yeah, everybody in
No, all right now everyone's a
Griffin has passed
You hear that? It's literally a giant walking over there. Yeah
Guys, we got a lot of money though
392 might actually make the code of the sign. Oh, we will it's only 130 stop playing with it
Okay, we did it
I'd like to take this short break to say
Hey, I love working for this company and I love all of you. I'm glad to be alive
Thanks, buddy
How'd you get back we ran we jumped across
We just ran around in the dark
Trying to jump back across that we yeah, we didn't have to jump across it
Yeah, John's become a real efficiency expert in this game propaganda
Okay, guys, let's sell all our stuff and then buy some new supplies for the next that run. All right. Oh
You have to manually
Yeah, it's sometimes it's smart to save some stuff, but fuck it
Okay, I'm gonna buy it. I'm sure this time now. Okay sold it all
No, it's gotta hit the bus. We didn't know we didn't wait
There's more stuff is that on the ground. Oh
Okay
We haven't sold you hang on is there more stuff still
That's it. Oh, I hear the ding put that on there, too
We can
Hello
That sounds like a monster already
Nobody there
Here we go, we got the money guys got the money. Let's buy some let's let everyone go nuts and buy whatever the fuck they want
What do you guys think should we get a loud horn for our ship?
How about a mini pool we can get a teleporter
Teleporter sounds good, right? No, we should just get guns like weapons. We actually can't get a teleporter. It's too expensive
We can get it. No, we can't get a zap gun or a jetpack. Oh
We can get an extension ladder
That could be a phone to hold. That could be nice. I'm just gonna get one of those just for fun
Okay, and then and then that's the only thing I'm gonna get for sure for now someone else can buy whatever they need
No, you're not like I hear you
Everyone is standing fully frozen
Should I get a lock picker it's twice that I'm getting whole protection. I
Think we should each kind of buy whatever we each want to get maybe
I'm gonna get a pro flashlight. I'm gonna get a
I'll make two of those then
Wait, do we need to save like 130 so that we can get money?
Anybody there? Yo, this thing is lit. What is that thing? Oh?
That's the extend the ladder. Oh, that's sweet
Store definitely help before I'm gonna get a stun grenade
We lose all of this this good if this could have gotten us out of that hole
But then you can't get it again
All right, we only have 205 left
He's obsessed with the company. I'm on a phone call
I'm getting a flashlight
And I'm getting a shovel. Where are the flashlights?
What are you doing over here?
No, no over here guys over here for purchases, okay, does anyone need anything else you threw it
How did it well, it's okay you tested it out of it. It worked. I
Think all right, here we go. All right. I'm ready
We did it. Oh, yeah
Did everyone buy everything that they need it? I just wanted to get that. Yeah
Did we get that lockpick you've got a stun gun to okay. I'm back. Yeah, but I already used it
We get a lockpick at all
How much stuff did you guys buy?
Nothing really. Oh you bought nothing. I'm gonna get a lock picker
Wait, how much of this money can we spend like wait a minute?
Did you spend it? We get spaced you can't spend more than the 130 do we still have one 30 not spend anymore, right?
Oh, they won't let you spend more than the 130 is that you're saying no they did we're at 129 that means we're gonna die
Not if we get stuff on this run, right? No, there's no way to get something here. Oh
Yeah, you guys killed us well
What the hell is this kill this a ladder wait a minute wait a minute don't go yet
Hey, you can do this. Can't we sell some of the stuff we already nice
Yeah, we have the horn sell the horn. Yeah, we can sell stuff. What's wrong?
Did you buy it
Wait, did that thing just take off without
Dropping off its items
What is happening? I get I get phone calls at the worst moments
We should be good
We'll die
Did he sell it? Is he coming? I
Rang the belt ring it ring it as many times. Yeah, just keep ringing it. Keep ringing it. No keep ringing it
Wait a minute that's sacrificing all this delicious loot hold on you'll get it
There you go
You got it
Okay, we're all on the ship. Let's take off. All right, we must have made it right that was close. Yeah, we did
Thank God you kept it man
And I think this this next one's my last world then I got to go
I've been streaming for
We did it we need 250 on the next one is that more yes
Happy Christmas guy
I'll leave when case ends this damn game. Well, you guys can keep playing after I leave. I think I just all have
Yeah
Someone want to grab the lockpick. I already have two items. I don't want to grab anything else
I've got the stun grenade, which I guess works doesn't work now. I
Don't see the lockpick
It's this one
Oh, there's bees right outside just be careful, they'll kill you
We can
If we if we the hill if we steal their hive, we do get a lot of money, but it usually kills you
Yeah, it's dangerous
So many bees here
There's the main entrance
So that way
We have this about this thing
Somebody got the hive. Oh, that means somebody's dead
Somebody died almost certainly
Hello, well surely they'll figure out where the main entrance is right. I
Should just go back shouldn't I okay John's alive?
Hello
Hello
I'm gonna go to the main entrance. That's where I'll be
Okay, these birds are freaking me out. I think Tim must have died. I did warn them
In my defense. All right
Hello, all right, this is over the best. Oh, it's you guys
Hello
Yeah, there's I mean that is what I've that's the first thing I found
There's probably more stuff in here did a John die
I don't know. He was standing there staring at some bees. I don't know he was standing there staring at some bees
Well, they're attacking me started screaming
Alone and then I never saw him again. Okay, apparently apparently still alive. So it's chat
Now these things suck you can you can ever jump right back across
Tim
There's a bad sound
You heard the monster sound right? I heard like a moan, but it sounded like Tim
Okay, apparently if we die
We could just call it we each got a thing it's not great, but
Oh, and we got the beehive. We honestly should probably just just leave with this stuff
Yeah, apparently everybody else is dead
I'm using chat to cheat slightly
Or should we go back in should we be brave?
I can't turn this fucking flash
Fuck it, we're brave
Straight
I don't know if we've gone this way
My corners Tim is proud of me to see me check my corners check those corners. Oh
Nothing in there at least
Honestly dude, it's like we're playing Rick and Morty cuz they're hiccups. It's pretty cool
Plus to make two trips
Yeah, you hurt yourself
I'm this way to griff griff I'm coming to you Morty
Riff and morphe apparently there's monsters out though
God this bees right in front of you. Yeah, those ones are fine
Those are like flies or something those might be deadly bees. I'm not sure
But the ship there were dead babies
Yeah, just watch out for whatever those are. Oh my god the fucking hiccups
They've got something over there though that I want
Let's go get it. Oh, they might kill us. I'm not sure
Let's one of us do it at the very end. Yeah. God so much blood. Oh god
We might be those are bad bees
my god, I've got somebody's body if you want to grab that flashlight and
Then go we gotta get that other thing. Yeah
Something is deadly out here cuz my guy just experienced panic
Did griff already leave I think he did griff
I'm just gonna let him do it and
monitor the situation
Bravely monitor the situation. Excuse me
There should be one more corpse around here, right?
Leave no corpse behind
Except John's John's is getting
This is on the roof any chance on the roof. Hmm. I don't know if griff knew where to go is the only thing
He's coming
griff
Yeah, honestly, we're doing kind of okay
Hope griff
Griff
I'm flash lighting from the roof
I'm below. I'm below you. I got the last day. Nice. Okay
You're good to go, baby
Wow, we're rich now. We're so rich
Right safety out we go
Somebody bought a grenade
Okay, well we made some money 120 isn't terrible we're like almost halfway there
Do we got to get the quota?
We bought a grenade
Like it was a good use of company funds. All right, that's fair absolutely
Okay, you know I could sneak in one more moon if we want and then quit all right. Let's do it
Let's reach our quarter guys
Go ahead case pick the moon. Oh, okay. Take the moon
Maybe someone else should maybe Justin should pick the moon
Put that evil on me
We're good as the sun grenade not working anymore. It should still work
And if we still have it I think it means it works
Okay, and someone's got the lock pick. Yes, I got the lock bigger nice. Oh, is this where we just work?
Think it is. Oh well, whatever
Is it? No, it's not. It's a little different. There's several planets that look very similar in this game
Yeah, assuming it's this way. Yes, I
Like Justin just holding the grenade out in front of
It's the only the only item I have
It's like I got the grenade the full brick tamlin. I'm ready. Oh
They bought somebody bought goodies
What I think there's only three of us, right?
What no, there's just what about griff they must be getting stuff what they'll figure it out themselves
We can start with them
Great leadership. Yeah, I'm we I this how you lead don't fucking do it
Paragon enjoy your weekend too. Sorry. I missed it. So in wrap shot the lock bigger
Yeah, it's the ice cream truck thing
What a big room
Oh stop saying you want it. Oh you already have a weapon
You're so you've got all our weapons now
Okay, I also found some sheet metal
I don't know where's the bottles
Let's run these outside real quick. Yeah, it helps me know that I'm not too far away to know where the fuck I'm going
There's a chance John's already dead
He was right by us
Yeah
Did he have his fans then he might have
Come on. Oh
He's a lot
Something scary
There's a mine and something scary everybody come this way we're gonna close the door
Oh shit, I have a stun grenade. All right
Why are we closing the door because that's where the scary thing is monsters can open the scary thing is over here
There's nothing over here there's something to the right
Hey, look, there's materials in here guys
What oh it's in this door
There's an engine
Where whoa, I see materials in here, too, okay
I have another air horn
Air horns are valuable because they honk and they're worth money
So does it lose the alfie use it? No, it's just it does attract monsters though
Let's leave now I'm gonna go downstairs the Tim die Tim might have died
Oh, no, I am very far away though. There's an engine here. Oh my god. All right. I don't have anything super valuable
I'm gonna try to make this jump
Okay, I made it
There's a monster
Joyful leap to my death
Oh, no, that's why it's him
Alright, we really need John to um fork unfortunately griff is taking a break, but we really need John to leave
If anyone feels like cheating for us go tell John to leave oh, no, he's not getting out. Yeah. Oh shit
There's so much stuff outside if you can just make it outside eat this all the stuff we need
Dude, Tim is just frozen
Doing
He just has to back out of here that's all he's got to do
Looking at the monster that's right outside the door fucking camping over there
All right on the bright side of griff just AFK is this whole time we won't lose everything
Yeah, right, so
Oh, oh my god, you made it holy shit. Oh my gosh
It followed him anyway
Shit griff's back. He has no idea what's going on
Where's John
Holding the engine I don't think we have much time left either
Well, it's still daytime out actually
There's a scorpion over there, too
John be brave you got to try to be brave all right. Oh John's about to get gooped by the slime
John move in the other room, too. No, even once he gets past the slime the monsters right here. It might have moved. Oh my god. Oh
My god, he made it injury, but I'm fine
I'm good. Good luck guys. Oh
No, don't die from you guys. Don't die from the fall damn
Oh
Yes, that was amazing job amazing work. Okay, if Tim makes it back to the ship though, we're fine. He's got all this stuff
We had so much stuff
I I keep I can't believe I survived that long, but I was I don't know whatever
Sucked somebody text. I'm a text Griffin. I'm gonna know some
Dead
Tim has stuff though that he's trying to get back it is dark now though. It's gonna be real hard for him to know
Weapon
Was over there the power of the hidden communicator there
I don't know if Tim can find those way back in the dark
We did it
About me
What have I ever done to dear sweet all my god, okay, Tim
Did we get anything?
Tim leave I got a hairbrush
We've got a case of bottles
That's better than nothing to leave force. Oh, yeah, we can leave now. We're gonna leave. They're all dead. Aren't they? Yeah
Hold right click. It'll make him leave. Oh, oh my god
It's he's leaving
We also got the stop sign. Oh, we got the stop sign. Nice. It's better than nothing. Oh my god
My goodness, wow that was terrifying
You guys are fucking got ice yeah
We only need a hundred we lost my flashlight my pro flash we only need a little more money and we're good
But I gotta go I gotta go I gotta go let's finish later
Or you guys can go ahead it without us if you like, but I'm gonna leave for now
Person Justin and Tim. I'm not sure what'll happen when I quit because I was hosting the game
But I think you guys are just fine. It'll keep going
All right, all right. Goodbye everyone have a good night, buddy. Well, bye
Yeah, none of them are streaming it unfortunately. I'd love to know I
Would love to know
Oh my god, you guys and now I'm back in space where it's I mean this balloon is cave in space
All right
Well, time to go
Let me just raid somebody real quick. I will raid Oveli for sure and you can let her know case had to go. I
Can't rate her from here. I always forget
Always forget. Thank you all for checking this out today. Thank you all for checking this out. Oh, no, shut up me
What the hell up me? I won't shut up
Flash raid Oveli there we go
Okay, well, that's solid time we got I forgot that I'm this guy
This classic character. I'm in space
Let Ovelino case had to quit
From me cases classic character guy with this face
Fuck cancel. Oh, is the oh, there's an Oveli and an Oveli may
No
Lovely me. Okay, great
We're raiding her
Thanks everybody for watching
Did I miss any subs?
Cyclo for the raid. I think I got it all. Okay. Goodbye everyone. I'll be back on Monday
Yes
Yes, goodbye. I'm all alone now