I'm Pafita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
So loud
Because I got a massive bone
You go match up to a snake pedophile, but steady murdering time since I was a feral child
You've been wrapped by ending gonna still take a while another fictional orphan. Oh, no
Do the same favor for Boratow
You're like a broke fat man with a stash on his head
But fat man is rich, your parents are just dead
What I mean that shit breaks up
You can't distil stop sexy ass lack of vision wet, hot, created block
No print never written to me like a Murdoch
Opposite of murder this writer bitch I might not
Mental fog not even ever even had a thought
Paintings that I have up, bought that shit it's all stuck
Oh face not even just another fake letter
All I write is bad shit, other people's writing better
It's true never written my picture
I love a single ever written before woman
Two, one, like
Sometimes you put on a wig before the stream guys
And then you don't look in the mirror
There we go
This is how you this is how the real news guys do their hair
You just push in a couple different directions
News ready
Okay
Good to see everybody
This no unfortunately this isn't a wig
This is the real deal guys
I can't get it off my head
I was wearing wigs for um
A recreational purposes
For normal reasons
Good to see everybody yeah for fun and profit
The best reason to wear anything
Speaking of wearing things for fun and profit
Thank you for the reminder
Ah shit I gotta take these out there we go
There we go
This is what happens when you don't show up to work professional
In professional attire
Now we're newsing exactly
Graphics are exploding i'm wearing a fishtie
It's friday
It's way later than i meant to stream like usual
Hype train what's your fucking problem today?
You asshole
That's really stressful dude don't talk like that
My fucking intern where's the hype train?
Trying to get him for you, but
Not case's brother great to see you
I've always said the best one of the
Two of you
Yeah, I agree with that intern
But you don't need to be a jerk about it
Do you kill the intern
What no don't do it
Oh, he's a hype train
Well, then he has diplomatic immunity
Can't do it
Diplomacy for what nation the nation of
Hype
Train
Yeah
Well hype train thank you for bringing the hype
That's why you're wrong case
I eat the hype
Oh
So I was right
There's gotta be a fuck tight beat
All right, fuck trap beat. Oh, what a surprise
Yeah, it's a thing
All of these are fuck trape. This is a fuck you hard trap beat hype train
You think he can even handle that level of trap beat with your bad attitude
Oh, okay. Let's see what this one is. This is my type of beat
This one really speaks to me because it's telling people for the fuck
Which I
I'm in favor of
I'm about to tell you that's a fuck you chat, but in a cool way
We're in on it. So just know every time I say fuck you that's actually a compliment
I don't know if it's gonna read that way hype train. Maybe just don't tell my chat to
Fuck
It's 25 months
The lady eyes
Like I'm a god
Your self
Yes
That
Just feels mean it's a comment. It's a it's a compliment
Fuck you. It's a compliment. And if you don't like that shit, fuck you get bad. Oh
Oh god 100 extra bits from the mighty eyes and you know that I'm getting better better than I've ever been
27 months from super beats
Seven
You're not even on the beat
Can you turn on discounted subs?
Yes, I don't know how to do that though. How do I do that?
No, I actually would do that hype train
You want to cheat subs? Maybe well now they cost more. But counted subs and that's the fucking school I fucking knew
No, I'm how to if I if I can turn on discounted subs
Fuck you man with respect. You fucking get it exactly premium subs. Oh, is that different?
How do you not know this man you've been streaming for about three years? I don't know
I don't even know what premium subs are
It's too easy to rhyme with the word fuck
Chucks
Come here
Listen Jack, you can adjust man. You're jammed 300 sure and he tasted coins and I've been dying to say this
I'm fucking jack. Yes
President Joe Biden, guess it the old one off the step, bitch he left it
You want to know when he was on the grind he left the two word fucking note behind
You want to guess what it said case fuck you
Nope, it said boom, but they boom
Because he had dementia
Oh
dog man 20 64
32 months and they settled the score in tan trans 48 with a couple more
That's the 32 months, baby for you
But I mean that the case in the all of you when I say fuck you, you know what I mean, baby
Every time I fuck you with a compliment
Okay
Oh, so stealing fire 30 months no tear tiny
The speed doesn't stop
Listen Jack, you can adjust man. You're jammed 300 sure and he tasted coins
And I've been dying to say this
I'm coming in from Canada like an empanada on the back of a truck
Call me John Candy because I am your uncle fuck
That's
We're free. We're free. Um
Matt Liddell I might have missed the sub from the end of the last stream. So thank you for that
Well to the Tyler also thank you for the 30 months
And card can thank you so much for the three community subs almost keeping the hype train alive
Butts aren't real don't tell the hype drink that he'll believe it
Yeah, I have to the normal stuff to one of those normal starts
This beat still had
Even more time left. It's actually only a six minute beat, but that's kind of long for one of these youtube beats
They're usually about two minutes long
Okay
Um, oh also
Mods you can now change the headline. I had to change the headlines because my headlines broke
This is the headline of what we were going to talk about in the news unsurprisingly
Um
But you can change it if you feel like it exclamation point h if you're a mod and you can change the headline to whatever you like
It'll change
Fascinating
Okay, anyway, thanks for hanging out guys. It's friday. Um, we had a
We had a song request. Oh, butts aren't real is the conspiracy. That's a beautiful conspiracy. We also had a song request for
You got a friend in me toy story
It's a remix called I got a friend in me
That sounds good. Let's hurry up so that we can get to it. It's news time
All in the wrists the most advanced form of dance case
Only wrist dancing only wrist.com. I just started I just bought that website
He should actually buy the website shop before you just make a claim like that
You can't prove that I didn't buy only wrist.com and take out a copyright
For that ip valuable now. Fuck it. That wasn't all wrists. Take it easy chat. Take it easy, man
Settle down dude. I clearly am all the time
Already subbed
Turn on the premium subs
I don't know what those are
Case you gotta be more observant of who you lend the company credit card to I did obviously put it on the company credit card card king
So everybody knows that but you
I would know it if you told me you were doing that
But you leave it out. No, I don't
It's in my safe
Yeah, but the safe was on the wall and you don't own the walls here
Something else does
Just because you broke into my safe doesn't mean it's peter's fault although. I'm happy to blame peter
Just don't throw a sub. That's a felony
Lots of good advice. Listen to these people case. They're fucking cool and they get it
Give them some of your brain. Maybe they'll fix it for you. What's wrong with my brain? Nothing wrong
Oh my brain. Sorry for some reason. I thought your brain was my brain for some reason
We're fine both of us. Oh good. Okay
We got some comments
When is papito's birthday? Hmm
I don't know if there's any keepers of the lore
He's almost certainly claimed that someday was his birthday
I feel like there might have been a day that recently where we said it was his birthday
But I don't know what it is. Don't tell him that he doesn't pay attention. So he doesn't know
We're talking about him right now and he has no idea that is true
Oh, we'll ask viona
Intern hype train
Oh, we could have done a full intern hype train, but then the intern just decided fucking
I don't even feel like being here. So that didn't happen
What the hell is the hype train just staring at us?
I think he's in um
Holding he does that before going back to hell
Why do I know that?
Because you talk to the hype train all the time intern. He's the only guy here. He's fucking cool. That's probably why
Does he just stare like that? He stares like that for a few hours and then he disappears
Who's fiona? That's a great question something she asks herself every morning
She knows who she is check
Unlike some people who have fractures personalities
Not me. I'm fucking straight line of personality case
Everyone knows the safe combo exactly dude. You shouldn't have made it your birthday. I didn't
Sandwich guy got the felony neat dropped by the judge
um
good
Yeah, I don't know who that is chat should star in a screen life movie because he's so cool
We can finally agree on something. Oh god damn finally a compliment for my ass
I'm assuming unless that was backhanded was that backhanded case? No starting a movie. I'm saying chad
I got my onion
You still subbed to fiona there's also people that still subbed to kendall
Who actually might stream again at some we still have to beat split fiction actually
The fuck is that
Splits fiction is that like when someone rips their pants while they're sitting down in farts?
No chat, it's a video game
My idea was better. Okay. Well anyway, this supposedly is a channel of news case
And we've got some
I'm assuming
That the news has been happening because all week long we've been promised a huge ass
thick boy summit between two Titans of statecraft
That uh, yeah some version of what you just said is true
Alaska summit
Happened today as trump and puttin met on ukraine
The talks are so we're set to allow uh the two to seek ways for a settlement
But did they is the question on everyone's ellipse?
Would you be surprised if I told you no they didn't they didn't come to a conclusion here?
Yes, you would be surprised. I thought they were gonna do it
Because I believe in friendship unlike some people
I thought the power of friendship would overcome all here and I guess
It still could
Kendall is me a sub wants travis kelsey and taylor swift getting married
Well, that would require her to come into this stream and then do that
And I think she's got a pretty solid policy against watching this stream
Yes
At least he knows the kremlin spokesman said that the talks between putin and trupe allowed the countries to continue seeking ways
For settlement the interfax nudes agency reported nudes
The conversation was indeed very positive and the two presidents spoke about this about the positivity
They talked about how positive the meeting was while in the meeting that night
That's how you know, it's a positive meeting if they're talking about how good the meeting is in the meeting
This is the very conversation that allows us to confidently move forward together along the path of searching for settlement options
kremsland spokesman
Dmitry peskov said
Did I say that right? I think you might have way to go check
Not that i'm surprised
He did not elaborate what the settlement
Was or is or any details
Great want to talk one of those into them talk
Not really too bad. I'm gonna find it right what right now trump
Putin
press
Conference get ready to see a video of two of the most charismatic guys. That's probably why they're the most powerful dudes ever
They're you think they're most powerful ever sure
I think they would say they are so yeah, they are
They're kind of bull
Fox news come on. Give me one of these that is not just give me the clip give me the clip. All right wall street journal
It's up to you
Let's see what they have to say here they go
Hello, sofia
But there's no audio oh there is audio travel out here to alaska
Okay, let's start this from the top some ladies talking at us very thorough negotiations that were quite useful
I would like to thank once again my american counterpart
For the proposal to travel out here to alaska. Is that i don't know his voice. Is that his voice guys?
It's a translator jet
He's speaking in russian
Dude, he sounds like oh fucking
Lady no disrespect
Why'd you laugh that much?
Because it's funny. It's also a translator jet
Anyway, look I kind of look like i'm his body because of where i'm on the frame
So not only does he have a lady's voice. He's also got me as his body, which is a huge upgrade
Anyway, I guess let's let's keep listening you didn't even make it through 30 seconds that we've met here
Because our countries those separated by the oceans are close neighbors
You think she has to do like the misspeaks like she has to pause like that be like they're close
neighbors
Shut I think you've only made it through 40 seconds of this
Okay, you don't want to answer my question when we've met
When I came out of the plane and I've said
Good afternoon, dear neighbor very good to see you
In good health and to see you live
I think that is very neighborly. Holy shit
And I think that's some
Kind words that we can say to each other
We're separated by the straight of bearing though
There are two islands only between the russian island and the us island there
This is less boring in russian right this has to be less boring in russian
Is this how boring he is all the time?
I'm not really familiar with flat em rick Putin as a
orator
More with him as a oligarch slash
homophobe
It's just so boring if you only give him a minute. That's more time than you get on
The stage at the apollo before the clown comes out with a huge ass stick
Wipes your ass off stage and that we need an international
Diplomacy clown to just fucking cane people off the stage when they're being boring as shit hit us with the hits
tell us about like
Fucking drinking vodka do do fucking basic russian stuff that makes me understand
You mean do stereotypes? Yeah, dude. Come on. Do something fun for us here
Be like we fucking wrestle to bear and drink vodka and then I'll be like
Yes
Why would he do that because it rules they don't get it was what I'm saying
No wonder they couldn't come to an agreement. They were busy being boring as shit. Apparently that sucks
You let him talk for a minute. Not that I really want to hear what he has to say that much
It sounds like they didn't do much in this meeting that at least they're willing to tell us about so
We'll jump ahead for you chat. Let's see what he's doing at two minutes in
When our countries
Defeated common enemies together in the spirit of battle camaraderie and a lie ship
That supported each other and facilitated each other
I'm sure that this heritage will help us rebuild and foster a mutually beneficial and equal ties
At this new stage even during the hardest conditions. What?
It is known that there have been
No summits between russia and the u.s for four years and that's a long time
It is time was very hard because it's been four years since this speech started. Fuck you made it
20 seconds that time chat. It's not my fault that he's not saying anything
It's about peace and then you come out and you say we talked about peace. You're not telling me anything
Well, he actually just let us know that they hadn't talked for four years. So that's
Pretty exciting. Wouldn't you say I would say it's not trees. It's sincerely interested in putting an end to it
The same time that it's in now we're convinced
That in order to
to make the settlement
Lasting and long term we need to eliminate. I took all the pre-workout card king
I'm fully met it up all the primary roots
The primary causes of that conflict and we've said it multiple times to consider all legitimate concerns of russia and to
Reinstate a just balance of security in europe and in the world on the whole and agree with president trump as he has said today that naturally
the security
Of ukraine should be insured as well
Naturally, oh, is that news because I thought he wanted to blow it up because of the war
Obviously they're both going to make ovatures to peace. So no, that's him saying there should be security is not peace
Also security by who him and his army in ukraine
Well, then it would be russian security of russian territory, I guess
Uh, from what I can tell based on the coverage I saw
right before we went live it seems like
This was a couple hours ago that they gave this press conference not much
Not much came out of these talks, uh from what I can tell and if something did come out of it
It doesn't seem like they're willing to say what it is. So
You're not wrong that they're doing some generic talk here chat. Although you are being a little impatient
It's only been five minutes of which we've watched about
70 seconds
70 seconds more than I cared to
All right, trump
Opening salvo came in from vladimir putin. Can you say anything?
Exciting which is the true measure of a politician in this age. Can you say some shit that makes me feel like I'm watching tv for real?
That's what you're looking for in your politicians feeling like you're watching tv. You are watching tv
Yeah, but I'm not feeling like I'm watching tv. Give me that classic tv feel donald
Come on. You can do it. Pito the nation. No, he's still talking
Wait, did he say pito incidentally when he's a pito
Incidentally with the new administrations to
Torpedo the nation Torpedo
Torpedo
That's a pito downloading a torrent again incidentally when the new administration came to power bilateral trade started to grow
Still it's it's still very symbolic still we have
Okay, what a anybody else and our international context and for example between the far east of russia and the west coast of the us
Overall, it's very important for our countries to turn the page. Okay back to
Brought to the point of no return when it would come to hostilities and I said it quite directly back then that's a big mistake
Today when president trump saying that
If he was the president back then there will be no war. Okay, and I'm quite sure that it would indeed be so
Oh, shit. All right shots fired about and that's something I think that overall
me and president trump
Have built a very good business like and trustworthy contact fantastic business trust
And have every reason to believe that moving down this path
We can come
And the sooner better
To the end of the conflict in ukraine. Thank you. Thank you. He's done
Well, thank you very much
We're surprised so wait was that news because he just said
Fuck you biden basically
But from the hype train, I understand that that's a compliment
He is basically saying
Get fucked biden
I mean from the russian perspective
if
Ukraine hadn't been offered or there weren't
Feelers out to offer ukraine a position in nato, I guess
And yeah, maybe this war wouldn't have happened if you view that as the instigating
Moment of the war which I do think is probably accurate, but
I think that there's a good chance the same thing would have happened under trump obviously
But he has no need to say that because biden's not going to be president again
So he he's basically saying us has a prezz
Uh, wait, sorry. Skating Eric says he basically saying us has a prezz that will suck me off now
Yes
Yeah, with the right
Mouth game we could have stayed out of this conflict, but the mouth game of the previous administration was
notoriously dry
A dry mouth game will spark international conflict. I've always said that and only the select few have listened
All of you chat. I don't think chat was listening. They're listening. They get it chat. You get it
You've got a very well wet mouth game and that's what makes us men of peace and women
peace case
Let's see what trump had to say isn't that fun to say
Cart kink gets it. That's why he's giving me the several dots of respect
Okay, anyway
Trump now is going to say things at least for less time in this clip four minutes of trump. Let's see how long we make it
as that was uh
Very profound and I will say that
I believe we had a very productive meeting. There were many many points that we
Agreed on most of them. I would say a couple of big ones
That we haven't quite gotten there, but we've made some headway
He looks so tired. There's no deal until there's a deal. I will call up
NATO in a little while. I'm gonna call all of NATO
Uh, the various people that I think are appropriate and of course call up president Zelinsky and tell him about today's meeting
It's all beautiful. I'll be a little bit lay up to them. They're gonna have to agree with uh, what?
Marco and steve and some of the I forgot he turned a million recently. That's a good point, magistrate
Come here scott
John Ratliff. Thank you very much. But we have uh, some of our real here. Wait, this is what we'll do chat
This is this is what we'll do. I will listen to him
And I'll and uh, I'll do a really high-pitched voice
To translate what he's saying for you
So I'll put him really low
Just so it's fair to vladmir putin. I think I should probably do the same thing that we did to him
Okay, but we we have a pretty much all english-speaking audience chat
Yeah, but it's not fair. So, uh, let me try this
Great leaders. I did greatly job. Uh, sorry higher
Russian I talked to russians representative and our doctor representatives, you know, everybody
I love no people we become the hottest. I talked to them this week
There's short people too
We look forward to that. I'm looking forward to stuff
Try and get this over with I want to be done with this job. I don't like it. Uh, great progress
I'm a progressive
I'm fantastic mr. Fox with vladmir. I know vladmir
many many many
Tough tough good meetings good
Interfered with by the rush of rush of rush of rush of rush of hoax tougher to deal with but tough. I'm tough
Uh, I think he's probably seen torpedo
I did my best
Those were the statements from the president
Did sound like it was headed in a slightly leon kennedy direction
Okay, well as you can tell from this flawless coverage, uh
Not much news coming out of this
Oh, yeah, cell is our not much news coming out of this press conference
They've been teasing all week and that's what makes it bad tv case
All week long. They've been putting out teasers. They've been hyping this shit up full graphic support
Friday
Meeting of the two titans
No, the only chance at peace and then they come out there with his weak bullshit
All bored and tired sounding what they talked for 20 minutes and they're exhausted
To be fair, they they probably talked for more than 20 minutes
Um, but you know, maybe a couple hours
But they are both 1 million years old
So uh, you should look so good at 1 million jet
My brain age is 1 million
I'll wear one of those nuvo rings. That's not what they're called. I'll wear a nuvo smart ring and it tracks me when I sleep
It tracks the the amount of miles I roll you roll several miles in your sleep
I roll a lot in my sleep. I'm basically doing a full barrel roll the entire time
I'm like a fucking spin cycle when I sleep
So it tracks that and it tracks the amount of sleep I'm getting and it says that the level of restfulness makes my brain age a million
A lot more than years case
Yes, and maybe show those results to a doctor chat. No need. My doctor is a ring now that I'll only wear at night because
I'm divorced and I don't want to make anyone think I'm not
Okay chat
You want to talk about it
Do you mean are you asking if are you saying you want to talk about it? No
Do you want to talk about it?
I'm good
Well, then I guess that's all the time we had the coverage was of the event that barely happened and where nothing was said
and onto which is a saying then the saying is
Good evening and luck good is good too. And and that's back to a different segment. Bye. Bye
What were you trying to stop there?
The camera was moving
It was zooming
I didn't like the way the lens was looking at me
You don't have to scream this whole time
We've already screamed a lot this stream for it only being
You know 40 minutes in
Who who screamed?
Everybody kind of it's sort of a lot of noise happening on here. So we could just take it easy. It's friday. Ah, what?
It's yeah, it's a which day is that it's friday
Right, we're gonna watch some internet videos kendall sent one
Kendall's Kendall just DM'd me a video and said to watch it
So let's give it a shot
Get him some pie. Oh, is there pie?
No, we gotta watch this video. It keeps autoplaying. Okay, so just relax. I won't
Kendall said I had to watch this
She said I have to watch this
It's the only video she sent me in months
Why is good? I get it
I don't know. She said watch it with chat. She said I had to watch it on stream
She said not to watch it before watching it with stream
Did we just get rick rolled basically?
Ah, you got pool slop
headed
I'm sorry. It's fine. You can say things. I you know what jake? You're one of the few hosts
I don't feel antagonistic towards so just be nice to yourself
Are you okay? Do you do barrel rolls in your sleep? What's your brain age? I don't know six
Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Um, all right. Let's get into whatever chat has shared
You can share videos at the cream dot team in the bin section
And then another section amongst the web
It's a lot of sections, but you know if you're at the cream dot team, you'll probably figure it out
um, okay
Oh my god, we're so behind it's been weeks since we did this
So we got some videos loaded up. Let's see what we're working with today
What's up? He's kind of doing the same thing as that last guy
Okay, it was nice
It featured an animal
That was an animal. Yes
You know, he did do a little kick
Yeah
We're all dancing
Everybody's getting into it jake
Even the gorilla's dancing
It what it was big. It was a very big. It was a big one. Are they all that big? Yes. Oh, okay
As long as it's higher than the kendal vid you're happy
That should be official policy
You know, I could start sharing who shared these videos, but I guess I have to turn off stream remote
Or I can't see myself
But thank you to see any of our viewers whose name starts with c. Thank you for that video
um, okay
What's this guy up to? Oh god, it's loud. This one might be loud. We'll figure it out together
It's jericho. It's mid 2010s jericho
That was beautiful. We have some comments that it came in
Probably well before that or during it
Trump looks so weak and derpy standing there. Was that trump?
No, that was a guy with a light coat. Don't follow politics. That's fine jake
Release the p-tape
Ah
See those are the classic conspiracies like trump
loving piss
Could we really blame them?
On this stream, could we really blame him for loving piss?
What are you saying? I don't know
Putin was the old soviet union nato had nothing to do with it
None of these are about the video. We just watched. Yeah, they came in sooner than the video. You might have noticed
Hey Kendall for herself
Um
Ken Kendall for herself. Yes
Hmm
You can send us comments. It might be limited to subscribers still
But feel free to send them throughout the stream and we'll check in with them
Usually on a delay that makes them far less harder to far harder to track. All right. Let's see what else we got
tough
Five minutes we might not make it all the way through this, but we'll give it a shot
To the console's choice dating game
Here's your host
Dating game brought to you by the download on ben tv. It's bad. I'm your host tia johns meet our lovely contestant
Emma
What is this dynamic jet setting gamer news show host who likes star wars jrpgs and chilling with her besties
She's looking for a fun reliable console. She can spend a whole generation. We're gonna skip to halfway in guys
My I can touch my buns too
Uh bachelor one
Cloud gaming sounds great till your wi-fi goes out. How about you bachelor two?
Who needs quantity when you've got
quality
Demon souls
horizon
Forbidden west
Okay, I got it war. I'm all about treating you to those eight
That was the thing you wrote for
uh
You wrote that job
Way to write that
Well, it's a little different. That's what you wrote
Uh
You know, yeah, I'll take credit actually
Whoa
Yeah, I wrote that that was me actually writing for ven
Four years ago
It is funny that that was right before they tried to recreate the exact same business model and it didn't work at another place
They needed more basketbot. See that was like they had that's why they hired my
With all of my chicago comedy credit
Only I could have ideas like basketbot. Was that your idea? Actually, no
Oh, I did write a basketbot sketch
That was Ian's idea
Wow, what are you talking about? Yeah, I'm not even sure. Let's move on to cop videos
Let's see what the cops are up to
that's um
It's an attempt to do a propaganda video
didn't really
They added some digital text effects
It just was them are breaking into like an apartment complex and
There was no context
You know the nazis must be rolling over in their shallow hellish graves
Oh, they gave them such a great blueprint for propaganda. They're totally ignoring it
Did you write that was that also on ven? I didn't work for ven. I worked for g4
Were they good at propaganda? No
Kendall we watch your video and chat didn't like it. You're about to be in trouble
Yeah
Watch it again
All right chat we're gonna rate this one more time and get it right this time
Okay
This is the video
You're liking it
See
No mom raise that man to not be laughed at okay
You guys are disrespecting content. Okay
Do you think I took the time to find a video?
That just randomly popped up in my for you page to send a case
To so he can make you guys watch it because he's just a nice person like that for you guys to rate it low
I don't fucking think so
think so
It's
No, no this is
I hit a button they can actually only rate this one out of 3.5
So that's a 3.39 out of 3.5. Did it get lower? Was it lower? It did get lower
chat we're gonna try this one more time because
You have to watch
Now she won't put on her new clothes. Look it's sometimes you need to see a joke three times to get it. Okay, so this is how we're gonna do this
Look
I'll even give you two. Oh wait. I can't do that actually
Oh
Oh no, it's lower. It's lower than last time
That's fucking right guys. I want to see those tens. I want to see those tens
Yeah, what first reading was the first one the first one was about this
Yeah, but was the first one higher lower than this here. I'll give you one. Oh my god four five
See they made it up just for you. What was the first one? What's the first one?
I don't remember we could check the vod if you want. Oh my god. Here. I'll give you one other option Kendall here
How they there's so many different ways to rate things on the stream
It was the maximum boo
That was maximum boo Kendall. I'm sorry
He's not growing on you
Guys look stop does it make you feel better than this is the old look look look this is the only type of video
He makes does that make you like a more?
Do it again do that little boo again do that one again do that again
He just put a rock in a plant. He's just put a rock on plant
Wait, wait, wait. He just he just
Look watch it put a rock in a plant
Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait guys hold on
Wait wait wait I swear this is funny
It's like look look look guys I swear
I don't want that one. Uh, this one try this one try this one. Like there's a little bug in this guy
Little bug
It's battling the audience is fighting itself. Holy what the fuck is that?
It's a okay. I don't like that you guys can do that
He's doing better than last time
Like he's in a target or something that's I technically beyond shit is better than society
So it did do better that time
Did we watch this one we did
They're all the exact same. They are the same we didn't watch this one. That's crazy. It's just a making this face in walking places
He's entering an elevator of people
guys guys
I I if it seemed like I didn't appreciate that ven video. I actually think it was really good
Wait, did he wait for everyone to leave the elevator? Kind of loves this
Okay, thanks guys. Thanks. Thank you Kendall. Thank you
Never coming back. Are you not gonna try in the outfit? They
No, they watched it so many times
How high is Kendall? I wish I was
I'm like negative five high
I think we're being a little harsh
I'm a fucking card cake, but
Kendall how long was the umbilical cord wrapped around your throat?
Jesus card king
Going for the jugular
prenatally
He's pretending to be on the spectrum. Is that on the spectrum behavior? I don't know what that is
I don't know that counts. I love that counts is on the spectrum. It's something
But I don't know if it's that some people are weird. Some just wish they were
Yeah, I don't know his name's don k
It's mr. Bean stuff. It's clown stuff
Yeah
You should go to a clown college and show them that video and then say you can't say anything back to me because you're in clown college
Oh my gosh. Okay. Oh wait, that's you. I was about to click on work videos Kendall shared but
Oh, yeah, I was
Let's move on for a little bit
Watch this. It's a cat video. Kendall. This will cheer you right up
You're gonna love this. Oh shoot
Oh, no, it's tick-tocking. Are you gonna wash your buns?
Why is it so choppy?
You want to give Kendall a harsh review you get one right back
It is that about three FPS that might be my computer though. I don't know
What'd you think of all that? I'm scared. I don't want to be beat
Kendall's gonna put on the outfit anyway. You didn't earn it chat
But she's just that giving
Why is the video so choppy?
Uh, I don't know. My discord has been acting weird lately. So that could be why
Let me see if this video is choppy too
Oh, this one's smooth as hell. Of course we earned it
Yeah, they've been good
Let's just roll into this next one while this
Slightly low rating for the cat video rolls in
We'll roll all over the place
You did watch a huge number of
Running face man videos
And now we all like them right? Isn't that where we landed on that?
Yeah
One night, cheddar
That feel nice
You never actually touched me there, Jake
We liked it. I think we liked the music
That is a game though, right? I guess he was killing at that game
Okay
Oh the Chuck E cheese a follow-up
Oh, let's watch it. We were out of the news section, but some news is worth it
Let's follow up on this Chuck E cheese story that we've been covering
New details into the rest of Chuck E cheese or at least the man who was dressed up as one
It happened at a restaurant in Tallahassee bought a family from the villages
Witness the entire thing while on vacation as fox 35's randy hilldruth found out it was a visit the kids will likely never forget
Chuck E cheese guy with it
It's been a talk of the gaganheimer family for the last few days
Like asking a hundred questions of like does this mean chuck is gone forever like what now
The central flora family was snapped in the back of this now viral photo of chuckie cheese getting arrested at a
Tallahassee location
The family had just gotten in town to visit grandma four-year-old lizzie says she was nearly ready to help mr. Cheese
One day to get a west any
She's gonna go help but then she saw the police and
Mom says lizzie had just taken a picture with the character and sexual jenny was about to take one
When police walked over I was in the midst of pushing jenny towards truck eat
The cop grabbed one wrist and another one grabbed the other wrist put it behind his back told him not to resist
You were pushing your kid at the same time. I'm pulling my kids away
Like what's going on in the midst of this according to the arrest affidavit the man in the cop
All right chat while you raped this is not a rating for kennel's outfit. This is a rating for the video
Oh, wait. No, this is a rating for kennel's outfit
What do you think of the top?
Matching hat. Oh, and there's matching pants
I can't really give you the full because I'm too in the way but look
Yeah
Yeah
Dun dun dun dun dun, I'll play that on music while she does this
I know people
9.42 kennel
Pretty good someone did throw zero in there
Bad that person who was it I would make a mental note you are a mod
msg
Oh my god, will she ever tune into this stream to do that probably not watch out
Okay, well also do you know how to turn on premium subs? Do you even know what those are?
Do you know what premium subs are? I don't think you can do it from obs
No, and I'm assuming I have to do it from twitch, right?
Twitch.tv backslash credit card number
kennel's doing it
You made up premium subs. Oh someone made it up
Watch this. Premium subs. Maybe maybe then discounted subs are a real thing
Hold on. Give it a second. He's never been in this one last.
Yeah, I never do anything. I think my stream still says I do
I do the new I think my stream still says I do
What? I do the new no, it's it's double audio kennel. Oh on band
Someone's band audio kennel
No, it's band audio kennel wait kennel we got at least mute
Okay, oh you're right, it's just no audio only I do
If anybody's been banned they probably think
I hate them and yet I have no idea. I have no idea what's going on ever
But maybe they probably honestly I trust my mods if they probably did something bad then
Emotes only chat
Oh my god, I didn't even know that was I guess I did know that was a thing
But I didn't know how to turn it on I didn't know how to turn it on make them watch that video again. What no
Oh god
No, you want to see it again? Yeah
Yeah
Oh, this is a different one. How come this one has the most views?
Oh, this is the one or is it is this okay. That was a different one
Where's the one you shared this one? Oh this one has 3.5 million
Kendall you're gonna make me like this by making me watch it 50 times
You know kennel we have some comments actually
You're gonna turn off
Okay, I guess we could turn off emote only chat. Well, we gotta leave it here for like a one minute
You have to do something else for at least one minute. Okay, let's run through these comments really quick
I look forward to seeing this comment two segments later. It was in this segment, but about 20 minutes later
Ken Kendall for case
Oh someone I think
meant to type something else and they typed for
So we can guess what the four was
Uh g4 was better than that god, I hope so
Okay
Ken Kendall fire herself for submitting that video
Kendall you do have hiring and firing power on the stream just so you know, you're actually the only one who does
We decided that a while ago
Did case for g4
Yes, yeah, I did
Good job chat. You made it through emote only mode the only time it's ever been used on the stream
Okay, what are discounted subs? I'm just gonna google it this maybe that was also made up. I don't know
Gifted subs are paid. No, okay gifted
discounted subs twitch
Is that a thing
discounted community gift subscriptions
I mean
There's september subathon tier one community gift subscriptions bundles fiber mode
I just don't know how to turn it on discounted subs are real. I don't know how to enable it though
Okay discounted subs twitch enable
Visit your trim out of today. So select the toggle share gift subs discord creator dashboard
Monetization subscription creator dashboard. Okay, you're not you're in mod view creator dashboard dashboard
dashboard
Okay, there it is dashboard
Monetization subscriptions
subscription discount promotions
Opt in
Select ours
Oh, I can only I could do it for 70 hours, but I'm not gonna stream this weekend
Should I just wait till monday?
Because it looks you could just redo it
You know, I mean, okay, we'll do it for three hours now
And that'll take us definitely through the rest of the day and then on monday just remind me now that I know how
There's a whole dashboard in here. Who even knew?
I assumed it was just obs and streamer bot
Oh loco puppet with the discounted sub possibly. I don't know. Oh my god. They're discounted
Whoa, oh my god
If a hype train could happen it would but I think it's on cooldown. Oh loco puppet. Thank you so much for the
Possibly discounted 32 months tier one sub and entity. Thank you so so much
For the 10 community subs. How does discount work? I don't know like
Who gets who is taking
the discounted part
like who's who has like his twitch
Has taking most of the money you're taking less of the money
Or is it vice versa or is it half?
I'm not worried about it
I'm worried if twitch is like you discounted shit and then they're already take I take they already take 50 percent of everything
But that's what I'm saying like imagine if they still take 250 and then you just bring back 50 cents or something
imagine that
I'm not in this for the money
I'm in this for the videos of the bald men dunking their heads in public
Like I'm saying twitch should like
They could be I don't I don't know how it works
All right, Kendall. We need a new sub goal. What should it be?
We already did it. We did the you missed it
Pole dancing class
How am I gonna do that?
I don't have a pole
We get a pole. We're never gonna get a pole. Okay. Okay, belly dancing
Okay, that I can definitely do
Belly dancing class
We'll go 35
I think we've actually kind of done that
Kind of wait. I have to reset the goals cut your own hair class
Cut this beautiful hair
Why would I mess with perfection case tummy rub class? That'll basically be my form of belly dancing
Just a little tummy rubbing
Okay sick. We finally have a new goal. It's been months
Learn how to DJ
That would be useful music production part. It's like the performance part
Oh, just the performance just looking cool doing it. Yeah
And then I I could make big crazy graphics behind me. Yeah
Because I'm in this huge studio. Yeah
Live stream camping stream. Oh, I should go to kessams, uh
Airstream and just have to stay in it for a day
Turn the summer
Oh my god, what the what the what?
Kendall's out of here
Those 20 subs were too much for her to handle tamtrin. What what happened?
What have you done? It was positive. Oh
Sir, no, seriously. Thank you. That is crazy
I don't know if these discounts are worth these huge sub amounts you guys are giving but I appreciate it nonetheless
Big time discounts get the subs while you can
Because you'll win a free
Pebble
I don't
No, we're not doing a giveaway. Don't promise a giveaway free pebble. It'll be outside
You have to find it
What I was trying to say is thank you tamtrin and thank you entity and thank you local puppet
free tummy rub
You want what I'm snaking around to the tummy
And we're rubbing
Did you like that?
Yeah, I'm a card king cider. You didn't have to do that
But I wanted to
All right, let's do one more. Wow one whole other one. Yes, let's do one more
Um
What the fuck is this? Let's find out
Let's find out
You don't know mr. Bungle
Something about that felt familiar but that could just because it looks like nightmare mickey
Do I know mr. Bungle? Let's look it up
Mr. Bungle
I spelled it wrong
Mr. Bungle
Oh
Like a
performancey guy
Apparently it's a mr. Bungle thing
It's a I guess it's a song. They're banned
They're a band jake. I figured it out. I like them. Do you like their song evil satan?
What can I hear it?
I'll let you know if I like it. This is actually the raging wrath of the easter bunny. What are you gonna play this song?
I just did it just sounded like everyday life to me
Sounded like what I always hear in my mind
That's probably the time we have that is all the time we had. I had so much fun
Thanks for hanging out with me and mr. Bungle. We'll see you guys soon. I'll be I don't know where I'll be where will I?
Hey, so where do I go?
Where do I go after this case? What do we do?
Sometimes I get to do the fun news to you guys
Just because you're an agent of the state doesn't mean you can't state you're claimed a little bit of fun
I hope they shared terrible news for you to read
Rick
Well, we already had all the good news we need for today because we're on the path to peace
Which you didn't really give a fair shake unsurprisingly, but just you know, we're doing our best
And soon peace will rain down on all of us
fast and hard
Great
Freshly, yeah, how are the dc streets treating you?
peacefully
aggressively peacefully
Great all right. Let's see what chat shared you can share news. You know where at the cream dot team
Okay
Oh, also mods if you feel like it you can set a headline
I think it's still the past headline but exclamation point
exclamation point h
Let's you change the headline to whatever you want
If there's any mods around that feel like it
Shut up. Geez. Okay. Uh, let's open up
Some other ones
Mr. Bungle, what have you done to my okay, we're good now
That mr. Bungle fucked up my browser mod drunk with power
Who wouldn't be whatever you're given power over anything it goes immediately to your head. It really does. It's crazy
You're saying that and you claim to be in the cia claim
I don't know what I claim case my point is to make claims in all directions so that
You don't know what left and right is anymore
Well, you okay, whatever exactly
Ice cube stars in bizarre minecraft advert following war of the world's flop
What let's check this out
Just like the jingle said I'm ice cube and this is my ice cubicle and I'm here to ensure your cubes
So if you left the gas after dismounting your happy gas or you just straight up died
I'm so sorry for your loss
But you you you can be entitled to a lump sum settlement
So send me ice cube a video of your minecraft mishap and follow cube claim today
Today everyone is a twitch streamer now
Yeah, unfortunately and who am I to knock this I guess ice cube has discovered the joys of
Just sitting in one room
To do all of the things you make you just one camera and you never leave
I mean there's so many cameras in here though. No, I mean, I guess I'm not the best example, but
He's really figured out that with a green screen and a one camera you can you can do anything and no one can tell the difference
He's acting so hard and so well. How could I even tell that? It's just him
Cashing in I guess he I guess his agent brings himself and he just does it
Yeah, he's streaming now
All of Hollywood is streaming now. It's uh become a streaming model and that's we look forward to more of this
More of less effort is what we all have to look forward to
Missouri congressman believes Smithsonian may be hiding evidence
Giant humans once roamed the earth
Well, we could listen to the article or you just look at this picture
Either way, I bet we're in for some really valuable information here
ah
We'll get the gist of it
Um, Missouri congressman Eric bull burleson believes that the subs Smithsonian is hiding evidence that giant humans once roamed the earth
And that there may be four different kinds of aliens. These are real things that he said
Okay
This next politician is a true American hero a guy that actually fights for the American people and one that is going to
Expose whether or not the government is hiding aliens
Let's welcome on the representative from the great state of Missouri the one the only representative eric burleson rep
How you doing eric a joke?
Great alex. It's it's great to be on it really is a pleasure. And so I have to ask you you're here with three loon
Is everyone doing your stream now what's happening?
What is this?
with three lunatics uh
prime time
With alex, ladies and gentlemen
What is this? Is this like a
He's the pimp on a blimp
The troll the left fears more than any other
Check this out guys
This is prime time with alex stein
He's the pimp on a blimp the troll the left fears more than any other and he may or may not be tucker carlson's biological son
alex stein aka prime time 99 is ready to take you on an unscripted roller coaster ride that mocks political correctness
and takes on the liberal world
with courage and humor
Guys control c control v. I got my new channel description
That is that's the exact same way I describe your stream. Yeah
And uh, you know and then I don't have to write anything
I guess he's serious
I guess he's here his streams are doing
Honestly pretty well
Well, the story was supposed to be what this other idiot said about aliens
But the story to me is oh no another thing that I now know exists
And seems to be its own little media ecosystem
fantastic
Five years aged choco milk
That's how I would actually describe my channel. I take it back
Pan into the right instant bag
Damn it
someday
Maybe I'll get hit maybe I'll get a finnish gauge through the brain and then I can become the next pimp on a blimp
I just turn off the right part
Of my madhula abla and gata. All right, let's see
What else we got
okay
disney's mickey and friends launches pop-up
At la la land kind cafe featuring themed kids menu and Pluto inspired cups
I could read the story, but
I believe this one's aimed at Kendall
Hey Kendall, you want to see a cute disney thing?
You want to see a cute disney thing? I can't tell if she does
This is aimed at us disney adults you and me rick. I'm not I only go
three or four times a year
I'm not that into it
Three or four times only three or four times a year. Kendall look
Is this a good disney?
They're selling disney and friends launches pop-up at la la kind
Land cafe featuring themed kids menu and Pluto inspired cups. Wait, there's one right by my word
Guys, there's one right by her work
You found whoever shared this found the target audience immediately
It was live and sleazy
Live and sleazy knows you too well
When august 19th
It's in only four days at all 23 locations in los angeles
It's only docking her work if you're willing to check all 23 locations
Starting on august 19th or just
It's it launches on august 19th
Whenever I feel like I don't do real news here
I'm gonna point to this exact moment because look how informed Kendall is now
I can make a video on this
You could make a video
We could all make a video. Can I be in your video Kendall? You want a government agent in your video?
He's not really a government agent. Yes, I am
I can't let's see more of the article
A new Pluto inspired pup cup and complimentary pet bandana will be offered for customers
So you're gonna have to borrow someone's dog if you want the full experience here
Is this enough to make a video?
The first 300 guests to arrive
Will receive Mickey and friends inspired reusable la la land coffee cup with purchase
First 300 guests arrived at purchase field on august 22nd or august 19th
I can go with you Kendall now she's over here
What's the nice thing that we have to get there at like 6 a.m. when it opens because it's a coffee shop
I'll go with you anytime
Also, she's standing right next to me and that's why she's the same size as me
Do I need a reusable cup?
Yes
Now she's back over here. I'm sorry
Hey, uh
Hey, uh
I'm sorry
I had some extra testosterone in my throat this reusable cup
What do you mean? Yeah, I'm assuming that's what their cups normally look like. This one says Mickey
No, that's just a sleeve. Yeah, you got to keep the sleeve. I'm starting to think this is not worth it
What do you mean? Look at the other disposable items that are branded by them this the tote bag
Yeah, don't use tote bags
But it's free sort of if you're the first 300 people to arrive
Three mini food items
drinks
Be kind
Wait, are you starting to think this isn't worth it?
So not the 19th but the 22nd
I will get
This for free even though their cups look like that anyway
Yes, if you if you try your best or cups are already reusable
Because they're not paper
Wait side question. Do you know who faith no more is?
No, why I think we both just disappointed propaganda
Why what happened? Who?
At least that I don't know who faith no more is which I'm assuming is a band
Trump is offering Alaska to Putin
On update free Alaska
Get your alaskas right now
So do I get like a kid size reusable cup on the 22nd or is it just like a full cup?
The fact you've been thinking about this for 10 minutes and don't know I think means it's not worth it
You know what I mean? Oh, you have to go there outside of work 22nd is not a work day
This story is not covering the issue with the accuracy you need like is it worth for me to go there?
Kendall, I'm pretty sure what you get is this picture you go and you get this picture which is I feel like I could just get that picture
It's I'm assuming for children although it's a coffee shop. So I guess not
I mean, no, yeah, it's the new kids menu
Yeah, I mean I think the big the big ticket item here Kendall is you get this little toy
Yeah, but you and I don't do stuff like that
I agree it would be good for a video
I just do it I guess
It would be for content
Yes
But do I need to because it's not like I'm trying to be an influencer
Then why do it
So I can prove to people that I can get free stuff
Sounds like the kind of thing an influencer would want to well. I mean it's also to prove that I can make content
Oh, I see it's it's for your profile
Yeah, it's for your not resume. What's the word portfolio? There we go
Give it to a kid in your life. Do you think we know children? Yeah, we go to Disney once a month. You think we know kids
Um, okay. Well, anyway, that news was just for you. Okay. I'll think about it. That great
Five and sleazy you just
lit up Kendall's day
All right, let's do a couple more stories and then let's move on
because uh
I'm going a little slow today today
So that's pretty much this is the pace you always go. Oh, yeah
Hmm wikipedia spammer tries to turn McVeigh composer into a global icon
While wacky pedia editors did their best to make fun zilla vanish. Don't worry. We're out of my depth here
They were falling to failing to spot someone carrying out a tenure campaign
To immortalize a nutty composer of odes to famous neo nazis on the site
A wikipedia editor uncovered what they call the most considerable promotion effort in the site's history
All in service of pushing david woodard a musician who gained notoriety in 2001 when he penned a piece
Meant to be played for right wing terrorist timothy mcvay
Before his execution
And you know again, this sort of feels like one of those stories. That's just going to describe
A piece of other piece of media. So
Let's just go to the source here. Let's find a david woodard track
Dream machine david woodard
The timothy mcvay. Let's see if we can find whatever track was meant to be played for him
Nope
Okay, we'll listen to a piece of dream machine guys
Are you dreaming yet?
This is not
I thought it was a song
I don't even know what i'm looking at ghosts by david woodard
I don't know if that's what this article's about
Okay, well we covered it as best as we could no choice but to move on I guess
To other important headlines
But we didn't oh well trump was very involved in kennedy center
Why does it sound like it's from the monkeys it could have been a day at different david woodard
He I apparently wrote that song for a nazi or it's a different guy
I mean what you're supposed to do look into this. No trump was very involved in kennedy center honoree selection
vetoed wokesters
This year's kennedy senator honorees are country singer and grammy award winger
George straight a name that all conservatives love
Broadway actor and singer michael crawford another name all conservatives loves known for
Originating the lead role in phantom of the opera
No, trump couldn't have had a hand in that and the actor silvestre stalone star of rocky and rambo movies
as well as disco singer gloria gainer
And I don't know we'll just assume eric trump was maybe in there
He's probably singing a song or two in his life. He's definitely done karaoke
Pretty sure it's a different guy. I think you're right, magister, but in my heart
david woodard wrote a monkey song for a nazi and or the unabomber
Can you believe that the kennedy center
Would have politically motivated and slightly corrupt nominees
Yes
That I guess there's nothing for me to say case if you're going to be so negative
Mackenzie terrified as it realizes ai can do its job perfectly
An existential risk and a massive source of revenue
Mackenzie
Somebody somebody call pete budigest is all the modders in trouble
Uh, um
What's he mckinsey or was he one of the I think he was mckinsey?
I guess you should know
Do I think this is an existential
For our profession. Yes, I do said kate smage a senior partner
Cap to lead mckinsey's ai efforts. I think it's an existential good for us. Yes, that's right case
Some people actually use ai as a tool and don't just use it as an easy punching bag
For their populist opinions
kates mage
smosh
Smosh kate smosh
I can't believe
That an ai could do the important work of showing up at a business and telling them to fire 20 of their staff
I I just that requires so much nuance. It's nuts how strong these computers have gotten
Well speaking of nuance that might not have been a good transition Trump sends National Guard to DC
Plans for more federal force
But we already knew that didn't we?
Um
Yeah, this might be from a few days ago. It is not
This is this is a follow-up actually
This is a Rolling Stones article on the crackdown
So
Let's do our due diligence here and read the first few paragraphs
Ai uses you as a tool. How do we get it to do that?
Because that sounds kind of fun
President Donald Trump has expanded his military campaign against the united states by deploying armed troops to you guys at dc
The operation launched two months ago two months after the start
Sorry just launched but two months after the start of his la crackdown
Broadens a police state
their words
domestic campaign that some senior trump administration officials described to rolling stone as a shock and
awesome job
Who's describing it that way me? I just I put that on a sticky note and asked one of my friends to hand it to the president
Just this morning and I bet they did because I get them coffee all the time and if you didn't robert then
Are we even friends?
The president and his top government appointees are publicly stressing that this will not end with dc in la
But also will probably come for you case in your precious little cave of wonders here
This is just la
It's already here. He did this in la
And all he did was bring in the national guard to go stand around the federal building while the la pd
Did what they always do and fucking crack heads of protesters
So what exactly is he accomplishing?
Well, the cops had a free reign to crack the heads of protesters. There you go
Faith no more had a song on the guardians volume three soundtrack
So now do you feel like a fucking idiot case?
Yeah, but not for that reason
Did you see the rolling stone article about what trump thinks of the epstein victims?
I'm sure it has. I'm sure he said they're victims
You think that's trump's opinion of the epstein victims? I bet he's got really
Normal opinions about that. Let's just move on
We're talking about other things. He's doing that. You're supposed to be worried about thank you
At a press conference every month. Sorry not every monday on monday announcing the federal government had seized direct control of dc's police department and the national guard
Would soon occupy the city trump warned that if he and his officials decide they need to he will deploy military forces wherever
But he does say a lot of stuff so
But he is to pillow it with deploying military forces in major american cities now with two pretty big precedents so
It's horrible what they're gonna do with the homeless population
Yeah, but we're not talking about that. I think we are talking
About that. Yeah, but I haven't said that so
We're not supposed to be talking no one the news isn't supposed to be talking about that
Because it's just the thing that's gotta happen. What don't even worry about trump has insisted
To administration officials that it's ridiculous that troops like the national guard are not allowed to conduct various forms of domestic law enforcement
I couldn't agree more. We should have military in the u.s. All the time. We love our military
The president and his administration to some extent have had their hands tied on this due to the
post
A comatotus act which prohibits using the military for domestic law enforcement, but you know, there's a lot of laws
There's a lot of them a lot of them say different things
Let's just move on trump and his administration justification for his dc operation the homelessness and violent crime in the nation's capital
Have spiraled out of control and notice case
Homelessness violence. We put them in the same sentence. That means they're late
Kendall's computer shut down and I think it's because you're being so glib about
violence against homeless people
Isn't it glib to make that comparison? No, it was you that was being bad. Oh
Play what?
What's peat?
What's peak
Yeah, can you inform him what peak is?
What's peak?
I guess I could do the song on monday. No, no, no, they're gonna play for what they just started so you can finish stream
Okay
peak
PEAK
This is peak guys, this is peak peak
Banter and skits are funny. That is pretty much what goes on here
Just die so we can all play
Peak okay, it's climbing
Kendall's just to fix her computer case just die
I thought I did by changing what plug it was going into but lately it hasn't been working
So I don't know
By it's only five bucks. Okay. I'm in
Um, she said something else, but I couldn't hear it
Anyway, unsurprisingly
Not that that makes it any better
Um, they're using this fucking
completely unnecessary
Military crackdown to crackdown on the most vulnerable people
the homeless
You know the poor
Pretty depressing and awful shit
So that's great
That's anything to say rick
Well, yeah, I supposed to say something you feel better
I thought you were on the side of the administration here. I'm just
I know that sides exist
And I am willing
To know when I'm near one
And nobody wants to see anybody get hurt
Sorry
Bad time to laugh. I had a
Fart in my mouth
It can happen
Robots case let's move on to robots. This is the robot olympics
In your favorite place ever china
Are you happy now? Okay
Now they don't even get to have human athletes
Due to their incredible
Investments in clean energy
It's gone straight to their head and they've replaced all of their athletes with robots
To beat into the field and this is what you have to look forward to this but for basketball
This but for bowling
America's two favorite sports
Damn, he isn't good shape
He is in great shape
Athletes in action you knew right when he was still
Uh-oh international dance
Let's do another activities they get into
international modeling
The
Sorry humans
There's a new model in town and it's got a pin number for something and it's scary because it's a robot
And just when you thought they couldn't get any worse robot babies
Great job everyone's clapping at the end of human achievement robot marching
Robot
We'll call it soccer
I'm so disgusting
Oh no, and real steel of course we all knew where it was headed
Somebody called wolverine
Because he's got a switch franchise is back
To chinese now
He's got a switch franchise is back to chinese. What does that even mean rick?
They took huge one of you jackman's worst movies and they made that a reality
Before they even
They made that laugh lin show a reality
What are you talking about? I don't know. I'm upset at these robots taking all of our jobs
It's in china and they're taking all the chinese jobs that we want to destroy
Late comment in regards to ven bit the host was a timu olivia or kandace
I never saw then and I mean you could pick all sorts of clips from g4 that I would probably have a similar reaction to
So I don't want to talk too much trash
I'm sure they were doing their best with the hand that they were dealt
Or they were at least doing something with the hand they were dealt. Um
Okay, let's end on this one
I think that I think what they're doing in china is beautiful. They're trying to
Find a little joy in the advanced robotics that they're funding along with their tremendous infrastructure spending on clean energy
Infrastructure spending the size of many other countries entire gdp. Thank you very much rick
Can you stop doing chinese propaganda? No
Because someday they're gonna let me do it for real
I'm just waiting for that call
And I won't understand the mandarin, but I will say yes
Disgusting or beautiful
Let's end on a penis story something a little bit more your speed case
I don't okay. Oh jeez so many ads
Why is there a fire and an ant man with world's largest willy?
Slips breaks arm and shower because giant penis got in the way
It was a very embarrassing accident until I saw this headline and remembered
I've got a huge dick. I'm assuming is the story just because you have a huge penis doesn't mean it
Doesn't hurt when you fall down in the shower, but you're comforted
Because as soon as you land you look only slightly down and see your penis draped out in front of you and you're like never mind
I'm fine
And yes, I'm saying this
And because maybe I know
If you have like a two foot penis rick, that sounds more like a problem to me
It depends on what kind of problems you're into
Being well in doubt isn't all it's cracked up to be we've heard of people whose mammoth members have injured their partners
However, a uk man with the world's largest johnson reportedly hurt himself after slipping and breaking his arm in the shower because his titanic
tallywhacker got in his way and that's how you know
This is from the sunny this is from the new york post never mind
Americans can write the word tally tallywhacker too
No, legally that is a deportable defense and I will be following up with the new york post
It was a very embarrassing accident
Make sure you include my face in this story, please
So that everybody knows I have the world's largest penis
14.5 inches long
That's big
14.5 inches
It's probably like this
That seems like a lot. I mean, I don't know if it's this
Wide but that seems pretty big
Because this is a pretty big water bottle
You know
Nauseatingly sexual just because something is huge doesn't mean it's awesome
Tell that to every mountain ever case
And I rest my case didn't even mean to do that. That's so stupid your name is
Rick you're being aggressive today. You started it
I'm all and it
You don't even talk like that. I do know I'm trying that out trying out talking like that and I'm gonna end it
Please don't well, maybe I'll keep doing it
sir
Swords up
All right, you're cut off you're I'm cutting you off from the news. What I'll say when we're done newsing
Actually, I'll say when we're done newsing and that's all the time we have
Some people claim to do the news other people claim to tell the truth
And some people claim on the truth
Is a fact of life and that's my situation actually I'm about to fill your mind up
With the pure and unadulterated mainstream jet stream of reality that so many people are afraid
To dump into their brain. I'm guy redacted and today we're asking ourselves the important question
Why aren't butts real?
You might think you're sitting on one. Well, who put that idea in your head? Was it your butt?
And which end was it talking out of because frankly, I've never seen
Conclusive proof that butts are real
Are butts real? Well, let's go to the source of
The truth that they can't obscure youtube and type in
What's our fake and just see what happens? I'm sure we won't get any sexually charged content by typing that in
Hmm. Okay. How about butt conspiracy? You know, I found something here
And I'm not sure if I should click on it
It's only a minute long
It says butt conspiracy butt butt butt
And this is the photo
It really feels like it's speaking to directly what I asked for
So I'm tempted to click on it, but I've never seen I just don't I can't verify this source
I'm actually unfamiliar with poop man fart inland
the channel
It does only have eight views. I guess let's just click on it and see what we got
Okay
When you go around the town somebody talked about you there's a conspiracy somebody says that my butt
Farts a lot
He said it all man a lot of people probably thought this wasn't really a front of mind topic
I've got a butt. I said on it and that makes it real
Well
It's a dangerous thread to pull on
Because again, how real is the concept of a butt? Why isn't it just more late?
for instance
Or more lower back
Is it the crack that makes it?
A butt? Well, then how come the cracks between my fingers?
Don't make them a butt
And this is the kind of thread that if you pull on it leads to exactly what that song is
All of a sudden you're alone in a room making fart noises into a microphone
Just yelling butt conspiracy because unfortunately your mind could not comprehend the dark eldrick truths that you were pluming the depths of
Well, I'm not afraid
To keep clicking on these videos with anywhere between no
And 12 views
Some people for instance, they would be afraid after typing butt conspiracy into youtube
To click on
The swamp butt conspiracy by za stare with no views
Some people would say there's no way this will be good content. There's a high likelihood it will contain slurs
You're really rolling the dice here
The high wire act kind of twitch stream
Well, I'm not fucking afraid. Let's see what he's got
Now this is hot off the sacred squirrel pipeline
Freedom lovers liberty lovers
Pericap and listen
The democrats are using astral projection to make contact with the ancient egyptian sun gun
Ra
Now security surveillance has confirmed this
They are using astral projection to make contact with ra and I
I can't
Who knows why that has no views
Obviously that stuff we're all too familiar with to really just continue listening to that
But I think he was obviously onto something
On air this is a a truly
Truly a really good taste all around from everybody so far
Pretty representative of a lot of the stuff we talk about on this channel actually
Here's another one
19 views
On air with poop special edition the swamp butt conspiracy
Does the butt even exist if it's in a swamp?
Something about this guy makes me trust him. Maybe it's the background. He's got a an american flag covered in a towel seemingly
Which I think is always a sign of good taste. Let's give him a shot
And listen, it's the same guy the democrats are using astral
Repost of the last one make contact with the ancient egyptian sun god ra
Sometimes it's just so nice. You've got to post it twice across two different channels
Actually, you know a lot of people don't realize that that's actually a famous piece of media
That's like the moon landing audio for us butt conspiracies. We post it all the fucking time
Okay
This is the last one we'll do and then we've got to move on
But before we do let's click on this video with
28 views from
jason newhouse
And this one is of course titled head butt conspiracy
As I mentioned a lot of people like to combine head with ass
To make all sorts of sayings
But what are they even saying if no butts exist? Let's see if they get into that here
Oh
I see what happened
Like
I don't know I'll find out because I got on video
I know a lot of you are thinking
Did we just watch an oddly intimate moment?
From an extremely packed family living room
while they ate
messy meat plates of non-descript food
The answer to that is yes
Yes, we did but that doesn't mean that we can't plume those
extremely intimate depths for nuggets of truth that woman for instance
Thought she got head butted by her son who simply fell into her
And yet his butt was honestly nowhere near her head
So why even call it a head butt?
Some people say oh
Honestly, they just misspelled head butt
Door did they
Do they realize that their mom has been propagandized to the point that she frankly can't tell the difference between
heads colliding and butts colliding
Maybe because the entire concept of a butt
Is more permeable than we thought
I know a lot of you are probably like I'm crazy
Guy you finally gone too far
butts are real
You're sitting on one
Well, maybe you're just shitting on one
We're gonna end with this last piece of important content
It's also
a poorly done drawing with audio over it
And this one's called never wipe
And it actually has 55,000 views
Is it a song?
And will we just disregard it because it's a song maybe or maybe there's something here. Let's find out
Have you ever thought about who the main beneficiaries are when you wipe your butt?
That's right. It's the government and the paper companies listen to me. What am I saying?
think
never wipe your butt, never never wipe your butt
wiped your butt is the government conspiracy
never wipe your butt man its for the government
Boom
Egg
Exactly
Yes! I knew we'd get there.
I can't even listen to too much of that.
I will be fucking running around this room
just tearing photos off the wall
smashing this TV for the 16th time.
And they won't give me insurance for it anymore
because I've committed insurance fraud so many times
by saying it was an accident
when honestly I just get too fired up
from knowing that butts are fake.
That's why I gotta go before I get too heated
but you now have heard the facts
as they are.
So I'll leave it to you to conclude.
Are you sitting on an ass?
Or are you just sitting on the upper part of your leg?
And who is so invested in making you
think that you've got a butt?
One maybe. You really just got extra back.
You think about, you think on that?
And I'll continue sitting
on my back thighs. See you soon.
Bye bye.
Okay, you might also have
a different segment request
but we might have to save that for Monday
because we gotta let the music breathe
around here guys.
Because Friday is a day from beautiful music.
Last week we made
a parody version of
Moves Like Jagger.
Did I ever export that?
Also that was two weeks ago.
Let's see if I even have it.
Oh I do. I think I do.
Mayo Slather, yep.
Hey I'm hungry, it's late.
I'm hungry, I'm hungry.
I'm hungry, I'm hungry.
Hey I'm hungry, it's late.
What's in the fridge?
Take me by the tongue cause you're Mayo.
Good on stage show while a Mayo slather
I'm full on Mayo platter.
Almost as good as some of those poop songs
that we were just listening to.
Almost. And today we might finally
achieve that gold standard.
Surprisingly not crumb, that's actually
Mancini Smooth. They have similar singing voices.
That kind of happens sort of a,
you know, you hear Dua Lipa
at the wrong time and you suddenly think it's Sabrina
Carpenter. Similar thing going on with
Crumb and Mancini Smooth.
Oh yeah, there was a really strong
bridge from
Jay Drilla.
AKA, Everything.
We'll wait for the official release.
I don't want to spoil it, but it's, the whole thing sounds
just that good. And we got to try to do,
we got to try to pull off another hit today.
And it should be doable
because we have a very strong prompt
from what I remember, which is, of course,
I got it right here. I got it right here.
Don't even stress everybody.
You got a friend in me, toy story.
It's a remix actually.
I got a friend in me.
I got a friend in me.
Let's see, first off, we need a strong base here.
You got a friend in me.
This sounds a little more upbeat though.
So is there like a trap
beat version of that?
Oh yeah.
Would you believe that there is?
There's probably more than one actually.
Mostly the song.
Is there a poor and parody beat?
I think that's what we're listening to.
There's a lot of these actually.
So we got to kind of pick one.
They really all want the strategy
of pretty much just leaving the song
in just with a really heavy bass beat over it.
Oh, do we need to shop around?
Oh shit, this is 421.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh shit, this is 420 Woody guys.
This is the whole beat?
This could drive us insane for sure.
Oh god.
Never feels like it finishes.
Alright.
Oh my god, there's so many of these.
They say when you play peak you can just continue to stream.
Okay.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'm actually kind of a musician.
Oh this one's upbeat.
I'm actually doing music right now.
Sorry.
Not that I'm not taking peak seriously.
You might have noticed I'm doing something pretty important here.
Oh!
We might have a winner guys.
It's a little...
It still kind of feels like it's meant to drive us insane.
Because they never loop the second part of the melody.
We're going to try one other thing after this.
Autoplay challenge.
Is this going to have the original in it?
Or this kind of thing?
I don't know, does it sound anything like the original?
You got a friend in me EDM.
Yeah, this is a...
Oh shit.
That intro is...
It's something alright.
Tom Sells!
One of the greats.
Okay that's kind of just the song.
This is more of a first person perspective version of this though.
It's got to be I've got a friend in me.
Okay trap remix.
This is just chopping screwed.
I think this one might actually drive us insane guys.
I think if I keep clicking on these...
We might actually lose a little bit of sanity we have left.
Better keep going.
Maybe we just go with the original instrumental and speed it up.
Maybe we just do that.
Let's just find the instrumental.
Oh wait, how about this? You got a friend in me.
Electric guitar.
Does anybody just jamming this shit out really hard?
Yeah, here we go.
Alright this will work.
We've got to change genres.
And we didn't have a request for a particular vocalist so...
Maybe we can use my old friend Randy the Rock Clown.
To do this one.
Randy the Rock Clown, classic vocalist.
Alright I guess I have to download this.
Using the power of that program that someone told me about recently.
What is it? It starts with a P?
Not Parsec.
Shit.
Not Parsec. Shit. Did I already lose it?
No.
Parabolic.
Poor inversion. I've got a friend.
The version we're doing is I've got a friend in me.
So it's different.
It's legally different.
And we are borrowing
an instrumental from Rob Galley.
Don't worry Rob, I'm such an artist that I don't do this for the monetary gain.
This is purely for the art.
But full credits to
Rob Galley here.
With an absolute fucking
banging guitar track version of this.
Okay, download.
It's downloading.
Let's
pull up our lyrics
and send it over to the ghostwriter
who has the unenviable task of
trying to do an even stronger
version than Randy Newman's classic.
Well, of course, staying true to the prompt, which is
I've got a friend in me.
Some people think parody songs are easy
because you just paste in the original lyrics
and change honestly not even that many of them.
But this ghostwriter is about to prove that there's actually an art to it.
So let's send it down to him.
Ghostwriter, are you ready?
Oh, yeah.
I'm feeling very ready.
It's a full expression just like that friend leaves their impression.
That's beautiful.
Let me just get the original lyrics in here really quick.
Just so we know.
You've got a friend in me
lyrics.
I don't trust these AI
overviews anymore.
I need to go to a
more official source.
There's not that many lyrics.
This is fantastic for us.
Whenever you're writing a song
and you realize you don't have to write that much,
you don't have to write that much.
You don't have to write that much.
It's a good day.
Boom. You've got
a friend in me
lyrics.
Maybe the real friend is the ones
used we made along the way to
AI. That's beautiful.
Thank you, man.
Sometimes I need to hear stuff like that
just to remember why we do this.
One other thing that's great about
writing this particular song is
we just have to replace all the
you've got a friend with me with
I've got a friend in me.
So we'll go ahead
and start off by doing that.
And honestly, that's
a lot of the lyrics.
It's a big chunk of them.
But I got to keep the yes
and cause I got an intact here.
Sometimes he says, cause you've got a friend in me.
Sometimes he says, yeah,
you've got a friend in me.
Well, we're saying cause I've got a friend in me.
And then obviously here all this
is just you've got a friend in me.
So that's all now I've got a friend in me.
So a a b b c a a
Yeah, something like that.
I've got a friend in me. I've got a friend in me.
When my pal says
they need head
and
you're both fully
nude in a nice warm
bed two seconds
ago.
I literally said
boy, I got a friend in me.
Yeah, I've got a friend in me.
If you're in trouble, so am I
because I know you shared
that STI
if you're in trouble, that's for this one.
You're right. You're right on top of it.
If you're in trouble, so am I.
You warned me before
you started
about the STI.
I don't even know if that fits.
Was the original again?
If you got troubles, I got them too.
There isn't anything I wouldn't do
for you.
12?
You warned me before
you started
about the STI.
That's too many.
You were very upfront
about the STI.
How does he sling that line?
Let's go to the classic.
Let me pull up the Randy Newman classic so we know.
You've got a friend in me.
Yeah, you've got a friend in me.
Yeah, you've got a friend in me.
Yeah, you've got a friend in me.
You've got a friend in me.
Oh yeah.
That's the bridge.
He says it a lot.
You've got a friend in me.
Man, he's saying it still.
You've got a friend in me.
He says it more than that.
You've got trouble.
I got them too.
There isn't anything.
You've got trouble.
I got them too.
You're very upfront about your STI.
Close enough.
Well, obviously, he's going to have to do a rock version of that.
We stick together because we both came to...
We both came to...
Man, I'm almost writing poo quality.
I'm almost writing songs, lyrics of the quality of that poo song.
Because I've got a friend in me.
Yeah, I've got a friend in me.
Also, how does he sing that line?
We stick together to see it through
Because you've got a friend in me.
We stick together because we both came to...
Close enough.
This is a pretty sexy song.
Some other folks might be a little bit smarter than I am.
Bigger and stronger too.
Maybe, he says maybe.
You've got a friend in me.
And it's the years gone by.
Oh yeah, this is the sad part.
The ship will never die.
It's our destiny.
We got to hit that harmony.
You've got a friend in me.
You've got a friend.
We're so close, guys.
Some other folks might be a little bit...
I mean, honestly, we could just say change this to deeper, thicker and longer too.
Maybe.
But none of them will ever love you.
We technically don't have to change.
But none of them are currently in you.
This is more of a present song.
It's not so much reminiscing as the commenting on the moment that they're both sharing.
To you and do.
So the way I do, we need a more present...
How about just screw?
Some other folks might be a little bit deeper than I am.
Thicker and longer too.
Maybe.
They are currently in you.
The way I screw.
It's me and you, boy.
Yeah, we're hyper adult Disney.
This is Disney after 10 p.m.
This is the Disney XD they didn't tell you about.
Do I dare just leave a lyric untouched?
Because it's so beautiful.
I'm gonna... I'll just change it.
There's no point...
I'm not gonna say it's a novelty, but the song is about the raw emotion of it all.
Disney triple XD, exactly.
And as the years go by, our friendship will never die.
You're gonna see it's our destiny.
Oh, our erections will never die.
I like it.
Our friendship will... you know, that fits.
Guys, it fits.
As the years go by...
I'm sure we could swap out for years, but guys, I've got too much class.
You're gonna see it's our...
I'm just... I'm too classy for that kind of thing.
When five minutes go by, our erections...
Our erections won't die.
You're gonna see that you're fucking me.
I've got a friend in me.
Good enough.
Print it.
Fucking print it, everybody.
Okay.
Would we say we're gonna get to do this?
Randy the Rock clown?
Great.
Let's load up the appropriate software here.
Let's send it back to our DJ so that he can load up the appropriate soundtrack.
We can really get into this thing.
Oh, thanks so much.
Oh, shit.
I almost sent it away.
No, no, no.
There's still work to be done.
We're still in the thick of this, guys.
We still got friends in us that need to express themselves.
Exactly.
That's why he's one of the greatest ghost writers of all time.
He doesn't waste time, even though he's got infinite time.
Because he is a spector.
Okay, file.
We gotta save our last piece of work.
What was it?
Smooth like mayo.
Okay.
Then we open up this new bad boy.
Delete all the previous work.
Boom, it's gone.
It's dead.
Get our track in here.
Shit, where did I save it?
What?
Oh, there it is.
Where did it save, though?
Ah, okay.
It's saved in a weird spot.
Sorry, everybody.
We're gonna get this thing done.
Don't even worry about it.
Even stress for a second.
We're ready to take this seriously.
Okay.
And, okay, we're set up.
We're locked and loaded.
Oh, we do need a key, though.
We gotta figure out what key this is in, everyone.
Find song key.
Because what if you played the guitar in a different key
than the original?
You gotta be careful here.
It is an E flat major?
What's that?
Alt key 5B.
Hmm.
It might be outside of what I can select on the auto tune.
So F sharp.
Key of F.
This one says is that the same?
This could be wrong.
It's claiming it's an E flat major.
Is that the same thing as an F sharp?
I can't remember my wheel.
I'm just a music producer.
I can't remember that kind of thing.
But we'll figure it out after we get our singer in here.
Okay, where is this fucking guy?
Key of F.
This is just F major.
So I'm trying to find the perfect spot in the studio
for this clown to sing.
Just making sure we've got a really good spot
for our artist for today.
You know, we should get Woody, actually.
Fuck this clown.
We need Woody.
Yeah, we got him.
Don't worry, I got Woody on short notice.
Woody, thank you so much for being here.
And I'm excited to hear your spin on this.
Well, this is just great because I always said...
Oh, we got...
Who are you?
Woodard?
All right, close enough.
I'm Woodard.
Woody in the lab charges.
Woodard, actually.
Okay, well, Woodard, did you...
Well, I'm a huge fan of the original, like everybody.
Brandy Newman, genius.
If I can even live up to 10% of his legacy,
then we'll have something incredible on our hands.
Let's set our aspirations a little lower.
I'm going for it, man.
Don't even worry about it.
Because I've got...
I've had friends in me.
I think all of us have.
You know what the song is about?
Yeah.
I mean, once they're in you, they're a friend.
They better be.
You better hope they are.
That's a great point.
That's true.
Okay, stop our very quiet background music.
Let's...
Maybe we listen to this and see where you're even
supposed to come in based on the original.
Where does he come in in the original?
We got to go back to the classic.
So there.
But that's the karaoke version.
Here we go.
Oh, that's a remix.
Why isn't it just...
Find a normal...
Oh, there it is.
Okay.
Okay, so where are we coming on this one?
Great.
Okay, let's do this.
You ready?
As long as you're ready.
I feel very ready.
Turn it up.
Turn it up in your headphones?
Yeah, get it up there.
Get it up there, friend.
Let me pull these lyrics up.
Warm up my vocals.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park, park.
The cat is a dog.
Nope, the dog is a cat.
That's my vocal warmup.
Really great.
That's me going.
Okay.
Move this back.
Turn it down just a little bit because I do...
I do love to shout.
I like to scream a little bit.
You just stroke out,
then you aren't warming up right.
That's why we warm up.
Doot doot dee dee dee.
Okay, check check check.
Hmm.
Is this mic working?
Hey y'all, is this mic working?
Check check check check, it's on.
Okay, we're good.
Let's do this.
It's your pal Woody.
You're with a slightly different message,
because I love friendship, just like everybody else.
Woo!
I've got a friend in me.
When my pal says,
they need head and you're both fully nude
and a nice two seconds ago.
I got a little carried away, sorry.
I missed where I was supposed to come in.
That's fine, we can hit it up again.
You're doing all right.
You're all good, man.
I'm on the P's and Q's over here, you're fine.
Where do you want to take it from?
Let me set you up real quick, let me auto tune you.
You're gonna want a little help here.
F, let's see how F sounds.
There was talk of this song being an F.
We're just gonna see how F major sounds.
Maybe we just take it from the top.
Cause you're kinda screaming actually.
Now that I hear it,
you can take it from the top if you want.
I thought I'd take it from the top.
Let's do it again.
When my pal says,
they need head and you're both fully nude
and a nice two seconds ago.
I got a friend in me.
Yeah, I've got a friend.
I'm losing, man, I don't even know.
If you're in trouble, you're very fine.
I gotta hear it, man.
I don't even know where I'm supposed to come in.
Yeah, you're losing it a little bit.
Let's see what he does after the chorus.
Nice.
When the road.
Rough ahead in your miles and miles
from your nice.
What you're passing.
For you.
I gotta wait.
You got a friend in me.
Oh, he doesn't say it as much as I thought.
You got a friend.
Oh, he says it again.
You got a friend in me.
We're losing some friends in me.
You got in trouble.
I got him too.
There isn't anything.
It wasn't our fault at all.
The lyrics were off, cowboy.
So we just got it.
We needed an extra chorus line in there.
We're good now.
Fantastic.
Great.
I'm glad you're good to go.
What makes you think this cover is going to religiously
follow this?
That's a great point.
But I do need the building blocks there if I'm going to riff.
Yeah, don't worry.
The foundation is strong now.
All right, hit me up again.
I've got a friend in me.
And in me.
When my pair says they need head and you're both
fully nude and your nice warm bath.
Two seconds ago, you know you're literally said, boy,
I've got a friend in me.
Yeah, I've got a friend in me.
I've got a friend in me.
If you're in trouble, so am I.
You were very affront about your STI.
We stick together because we both came good.
Because I've got a friend in me.
Yeah, I've got a friend in me.
Where does it go there?
Um, let's find out.
Let's find out for you.
Let's double check that for you real quick.
OK.
Hmm.
Hmm.
OK.
Just doing some tidying on my end.
All right.
Because you've got a friend in me.
You've got a friend in me.
You've never been smarter than me.
Me, I do.
It's me and you, boy.
And it's the years gone by.
Should I lost track of where we're supposed to be?
A friendship from the end.
You're going to see if you've got trouble.
And I've got them too.
There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you.
We stick together because you've got a friend in me.
OK, that's where you were.
You've got a friend in me.
And who's little?
Somebody who might be a little bit smarter than I am.
You see what you see?
I got it now, man.
That makes all the sense of the world.
Let's just take it from near the chorus.
I got this.
You cut to the wrong guy there, so you just got to take it back a little bit.
You cut to the fully wrong guy.
Yep, that'll do it.
That'll have to do it.
We'll just, uh, OK.
Put it on the shelves, boys.
We're done.
Let's just play it and get out of here for the day.
They said, for case to see, keep streaming.
But I think the smarter move is to raid Christine
and take a shower and then do whatever they're doing.
I mean, I'll take a shower if you're...
That's what we're talking about, cowboy.
Uh, I meant Morpher, just me.
Me and you, boy.
Hey, it's fine.
Not for me, but thank you.
OK, great. Let's find someone...
Oh, wait, we're raiding Christine.
Play this beautiful track on our way out of here.
Oh, shit.
All right, Joel, let's...
All right. Telling Christine...
Telling Christine...
T-Lotics, huh?
Oh, shoot.
Sonic Adventure, still, man.
The song is beautiful.
Kind of gave up on the rhyme scheme there.
Guys, thank you so much for hanging out.
We make beautiful art.
Sometimes, probably, the smartest move isn't just screaming all your lyrics
out of mic a couple inches from your face,
but, then again, that is the style here at the DJC Fourth Studio, so...
Say hi to Christine for us.
It's a friend in me road.
A pop filter now.
We don't make pop music.
We make rock and rap.
We don't need that.
I mean, sure, do I have a pop filter in that closet behind me?
Yes.
But we don't need it.
We need a rock filter. Exactly.
OK, we'll be back on Monday.
Um...
There's also a small chance maybe we'll see Fiona on Monday?
Not... Maybe on stream, but probably not on stream.
I don't know.
There was talk of seeing Fiona on Monday.
If that happens...
I don't know if it'll be at night or during the day.
I shouldn't make promises.
Exactly. Exactly, Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Um... Let's get this secret stream out of here.
Uh, but we'll see you on Monday.
Someone will see you Monday.
Most likely just case.
Who I'm not. I'm a... because I'm wearing this hat.
OK, bye everyone. Have a beautiful weekend. We'll talk to you soon.
See ya later.