Check check
Oh boy, let us
Stream a little dorm burn. How you doing?
Good to see you
I'm thinking I'm up
Your little Elden ringing Marty loaded in dude. Yeah, there it is
There it is. Oh, okay
I've been a little sick
And I figured I just slam a little late night Elden ring
this is a
We're calling it a sky and size build, but really it's just an arcane
Madness build
Which actually has been slightly better than I thought it might be
Hmm
Also, I played a little bit of the base game
Not on stream and I got this beautiful jellyfish shield
Look at my lovely jellyfish shield
Making me feel like a real champion
What a hero he is the soul still burns with this one a few things
It's hard starting the stream. I don't know how long I have tonight
It's a little sick
But I've been wanting to play the expansion I couldn't I was robbed of my expansion stream because I was
coughing too much. Oh
Who is the hype train not working?
Or am I spared the hype train graphics just this once? Oh, I didn't load all of my stuff
I got to do that real quick
However that did a stop the hype train from actually
Hopping off in its usual way
Yeah, I think that's probably fine. He's kind of on a hair trigger. I might have to mess with the hype train a little bit
I think I moved him to easy mode and I think that basically means if like two people sub
He just goes off. I might have to set it back to normal
That we can only hear that song so many times before we
lose our mind and we have to cling to our sanity points because
This expansion is not terribly easy
So anyway, we're gonna play some let's see how much progress we can make
We're right at the start. We beat a boss. We beat
Oh god
Never mind the graphics are live
Listen up Jack they're working microphone and under just Mama James
750 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this we must stop the oldest muggles ring
That's how you know it's a good donation
Yep
That's my favorite effect
I'm glad it doesn't happen every time cuz then maybe we get tired of it, but
That's how you know it's that's how you know AI is improving as it gets more and more like Biden every day
Anyway, okay, we fought a cat. We fought a big cat monster
Lion monster in the theater of the divine beast
Netting us one silly mask that is bad for us and our build but that I kind of wish wasn't a divine beast head. I
Got my weapon to level 25
I got to level 125
Actually filled in
Basically the whole rest of the map of the base game for this character
The only thing I haven't done is the Haley tree and like the stuff under the Ronnie
the underground Ronnie areas
so
hopefully now I'm
relatively strong enough to like
Get a little less wrecked
But I should probably know better
Yeah, I took down a cougar no big deal
Inspired by Kendall's milk manor podcast hook that cougar down
So far I got to say I like this expansion so far
It does look so much like the base world that
I'm hoping they switch it up a little bit
But we'll see we will see so far. It's very gray and gold which is
And maybe that's just fair because that's the color palette of this game, but I'll see what they have in store for us
Reserve revered spirit ash. I got to eat those right away. I think oh
No, you have to do those on it at a site of grace
I got to remember I don't really need to sprint through this because I'm
no longer
Trying to rush to level up
So far I also have no idea what's going on story wise, but that will probably be true until the whole game is done
What's up, man? Oh tower of ours, excuse me
Oh, lead him safely on to greater Godhood
Whoever this is and what would he say? Oh?
Tower of ours hidden shadow of lofty spiral piercing the heavens
Lead him safely on to greater cold hood and in divinity grant us salvation
It's pretty standard Elton ring dialogue
He could be talking about any of the gods. Oh, yeah, let me thank some people entity. Thank you sir the 20 months microphone
Thank you so much for the 750 Tam Tran. Thank you for the 19 months and
Stormburn, thank you for the 20 months
20 months
Or I know it'll be 20 years and I will be
Becoming hollow before your very eyes
This thing's leaking
sap
What's the lore on the sap? I'll become tarnished
robbed of the grace of
Not being tarnished. I should just leave this lantern on I guess you run out of lantern juice
You have to reduce your lanterns. Oh fuck. Is this a dead end?
Please don't be a dead end
2044 oh, yeah, and 20 years. I'll finally be old enough to be a old-ass president
Who knows what will happen to the taste of this country? Maybe they'll become bad enough that I'll be a shoe in
Sealed and obscured by shadow. Okay. Well, I guess this is in fact a
Dead end it is a late-night stream Greg
Huh, maybe this is where you fight the this is the version of the
Base games the erd tree
Situation the hype is over. Oh, no. Oh, no
All right. I don't maybe we went
Sort of the wrong way. I also was looking at some
I've like watched a couple YouTube videos of people giving their thoughts on this game
The consensus does seem to be that a lot of people find it to be a little brutally scaled
But then the true hardcore is just say get good chumps slash
You actually need all those level-up things for it to be more a more reasonable experience apparently the
The the deep level-up system of find a thing and then level up at a fire
Is important
Jamming ash in your face very necessary. Yeah, do that. Oh not enough. Okay
Yes, okay, not enough not enough skidoo tree
Does this mean I have one or that I'm at level four. I guess this means I'm at four and I'm at one here
Okay, whatever
Honestly, whatever man
Is there really nothing to do around here?
Is it fucking over for me? What do you guys have to say a
A hidden path why her their stuff I did it therefore praise the message. Okay
I guess we just won everybody's just gloating about beating her cat, man
Yeah, we need uh, we need the more of wet stones
We're no longer in search of stones now. We're in search in search of ash
Okay, that's nothing
Alright, well
It was a hard fought battle to get up to this area and it seems
There's nothing left for us up here
Maybe I should have explored more down there
I guess I can go back and try to own everybody that was totally kicking my ass
I don't think that'll be terribly successful. Let's see. Maybe now that I have this jellyfish shield
I can't be stopped. Look at that look at that shit
Also now I can do I kind of changed up my configuration
Flame grant me strength, baby. I got that. I
Won't even bother golden bowing cuz I'm probably gonna die anyway just by shooting this thing
Hey, dude, shut this shit out
Boom
Boom. Oh, oh here he comes. Don't do it man. Lock him
Lock his ass. How am I alive? Oh, I'm not. Okay, that went about as well as it did every other time
Possibly make I maybe I just have to teleport out of here. I guess maybe this area just leads to this
But I'm wondering if I go talk to that lady. I ran into like a finger crone basically
If you know what that is
And I'm sure you do
That I guess is part of whatever this order is I kind of have no idea what's going on
Which again, I guess is normal
Anyway, I wonder if she'll say something now that I killed her lion see probably a lion she cares about
She probably won't say anything. That's that's how these games tend to go
Okay, this time I'm gonna block
It's time. I'll remember to block. Oh man, my mic's doing nothing. Oh, I can't block him. Oh, I can. Oh, I can't
Why did I unlock from him? You know, I beat the I beat like the God's skin duo
Sure steak America, whatever. I don't even know where it is beat the God's can do it
It's like, oh, maybe I'm getting better at this game again
But I think not cuz I just can't tell what the fuck
This thing is even doing
Matt good to see you. I need to beat this though. I need to beat this to feel good about myself
I've been sick for all weekend
It just give me a win man. I
Need a win. Oh
Yeah, okay
Did you see how much Danny I dodged one too many times though?
Some of these enemies so far in this the bit is
You dodge a huge combo attack that just doesn't stop for like ten swings
And then you're like, okay, you do a hit and it's greedy to do more than the one hit
You just need to like dodge a five-part combo to do like a sliver of damage
But maybe we can learn maybe this is a learning experience
So like I learned that that was bad. I'm also just getting caught on everything. Okay. Well, I did kill him
Oh, that's could be the problem that I have a jellyfish as a shield and now that I say that out loud
That doesn't sound like a very good shield
Okay, maybe this was secretly the way to go all along who's down and I survived that I
Can't oh
God, he doesn't care about my sword. Oh god. There's two. Okay. I need to remember the true strategy
She's running away
Elden sprint. Okay more little spiders so many spiders. I mean scorpions
Out of my way gents
pick it up a
Bonebow, it's all worth it
No, it's jelly fishing yourself
There's no time to jellyfish yourself you fool
What is going on in this place?
Why is it like this?
You'll never get me up here you fools. Oh
What the fuck?
Okay, that's the closest thing to a strategy. I've had ever. Oh
Should have seen it coming. Yeah, my god bless shields. Don't do a fucking thing
Damn
Good damn
Okay. Well, hey we learned
That if we try several times we can beat one enemy
And also that running away is super effective. So now I'll
Apply those lessons here by running away from this guy
Leave me alone. Ooh thoughts and prayers are always appreciated. So he just kill himself. Oh
My god, I was right running away really is the ultimate fucking strat
I think that guy just jumped off the side of this thing with all of his flips. I
Should have known I've been training all along to run away. I guess I whoa, wait a minute. Look I can literally see these guys
Okay, the other thing that's powerful in this game is just
Is murdering these things while they're not paying attention
So let's try that you can get him dude use the eye lasers
What the fuck you can hit me from there you piece of shit now you're dead though
Now you're dead you thought you were cheap. No, I'm cheap whoa
That was super effective
We are the Elden Lord
Isn't that how we all feel the microphone 900?
Also, sometimes I just like to say the full 900 in there
Oh, I also have this now. Let's try to lightening all of these scorpions
Scorpions prepare to be lightning. I summon the power of the heavens
To kill these tiny scorpions that take three hits to kill
It's also wild to me how little experience a lot of the enemies in the DLC give you
I don't quite know why that would be the case why they like
Seem to be afraid to give you
Experience at this point in the game. I made it back here. Did I even have anything? I had some runes
Is this where I already was or is this somewhere new? I have no idea
Honestly, no idea where I am or what's going on. Let's just go recklessly down. Oh a big doom door
Something cool behind here
Friends my new best friends. I already had this okay, so this leads back to the sad temple full of
zombie people
Seems about right
Subman so sorry
So sorry for the things I do to you. That's an open okay
There must have been
Something else going on here, right? I can't give up yet. We'll just check up here. Just be safe. Oh
Okay, I remember this this was the bird hell
We're back in bird hell
So that's exciting down there was this shitty sludge world full of other bug monsters. Ooh, there's an item though
What could that be?
I just got a drop off that
Then I do have to make it past all these fucking birds. Oh
Well, let's get the stuff that we just ran past
No
Leave me alone again
Never stop leaving me alone. Oh, what are you doing here, man?
Is this really the best place for you to hang out?
Why is he all the way over there?
What is the meaning of this?
I think it actually probably be better off
Coming in the other way because those birds are
So annoying. Oh good. It started me back here. Okay. This is where actually where I wanted to be
It's honestly easier to sprint past
Freakin acrobat disc man than it is all those birds
The annoying thing is I could kill all the birds with lasers and be cheap which obviously I want to be oh man
He's how much is he not gonna leave me alone is the question
Surely he wants to stay in there, right? Nope. Oh my god. How far will he take this?
Yeah, that guy's not paying attention. Okay. He stopped. All right. We just got to kill this guy
Maybe we can just laser him down
That freaking laser done
Yeah, yes
It worked. Oh
It get I already had the thing that gave me why does he even respond?
All right, let's try to kill this guy too. Whatever. We're feeling so brave. Oopsie wrong button
We did it and we're rewarded sort of with the thing we don't need
Okay, I think this area though
Might be somewhat washed
Yeah, I am satisfied that that acrobat just threw himself to his death
Yeah, I can piss off my jellyfish. He gets pissed as hell
Granting me greater power. I can also power up with this
The question is will it give me a strong enough eye laser to one-shot this?
That didn't do anything actually
It literally didn't do anything. Oh great
Okay, that was better
Uh, it's supposed to buff your spells by 10 percent. That's why I'm using it when you um
Raise him to the sky. I was sprinting through here so recklessly though. I feel like
Probably missed
Something that's why I'm doubling back to
To explore these sad dad ruins
Behold the sad dad ruins. Oh, you're alive. I mean sort of you're whatever you are
You're moving is maybe the better way to put that
How do I get I want to get down there
But I guess
I can't
Oh sporophyte. Don't don't stop your own Elden ringing on my account
Maybe I've already been down there. I don't think I have
How are you enjoying Elden Rings sporophyte?
I
Think so far. I like it. I mean I played like 200 hours of the base game. I feel like
Are you playing to a microphone?
Yo, dude, you're dead
Oh, you're not
Okay. Yeah, so this doesn't lead
Does not lead to where I want to be
Give you up on here. Yeah. I'm back in the piss
We've made it back to the piss. Here's our little piss pals
Leave me alone piss pals
You think one living thing in this world would be like, you know, and I don't want to fuck this guy
I've just watched him murder everything else in this place
And when he dies just come back and then murder it eventually anyway
I'll just leave him alone
But you'd be wrong. Everything wants to kill me everything
What are you even doing?
Are you just puking?
Look at yourself, man. Fuck. Do I get up here? What's happening?
Oh, you found a boss. They I've heard those complaints
Echoed across the internet sporophyte
The fact that I beat the cat guy, you know, although I beat him in a pretty spammy way
Like I basically was hiding behind a summon to just
Rot him to death. I don't know how I get up there. Maybe if I kill all these bugs I can figure it out
These these bugs are kind of weak. Now watch this one kill me. Hey, maybe not. This is not a hidden path
How could they do this to me?
They all know
They all know that they're liars
I have no idea how to get up there
Gonna haunt me
You can say fart and dang that's allowed right now
As you know, my bot
Whenever you chat gives you the rigorous rundown of the rules
My chatbot
That gives you the rules
And right now you can say fart and dang
You can even say like
dog piss
Case after dark
He's wearing a thong
Unfortunately, it's a chest up camera fart dang
Whoa fart dang dog piss. That's a good improv team name
If you ever want to start an improv team try that name
All right, these guys aren't ready for this shit. Check this out
Behold
I am the lord of light
So bricks. He said fart dang dog piss
Biden's getting in on it. Everybody loves these relaxed late-night streams
Even the president
I was getting too confident
Slice slice
Shit. Well, I don't know what I can do to get to this one spot
But I so badly want to know
Anybody, uh, want to help me just cheat and tell me
Anybody know the dark secrets of this place?
If I go down to the right
If I go back to the shitty scorpion room, I just missed a turn somewhere
Yeah, my stream is mostly base now
We've switched from we switched from just chatting to based in the category
Okay, let's just straight back to the fucking birds
There's no way out
for me
There's also no scorpions everywhere
To lose lose situation. All right. We'll just leave
Ah
We'll just leave this area and come back someday
At least we beat a boss
That means that I'm good
That means if anyone asks if I'm good at Elden Ring, you have to say yes
Bellurat tower settlement. Oh, you know we can do
Also just for the hell of it
Just to explore the game's deep lore for ourselves. I guess we can use a remembrance for our um
For our cat friend
I actually duplicated it while I was fucking around playing the base game
Although I don't even remember what duplicating remembrances does
Uh receive equipment of champions
Is there anything from the cat?
I don't think so. This is all the base game stuff
Receive power
Okay, we can get both of these things
Raises potency of storms storms grants affinities and skills to an armament
Divine beast frost stomp. Oh, that could be good
Although I think frost doesn't scale with arcane
Um duplicating remembrances lets you get both of the items. Okay. Nice. So we can do that. That means at least we can uh
Read what both say
I already burned your tree dot
Oh, I also I also beat the giant
The fire giant and I I burned the elden. I burned the tree
Decisions were made. Oh, shoot. I didn't read what the remembrance said though
Whoops, that probably would have told us more. Oh, well
You can look at it online
Um
Where would this oh, it's an ash of war
Hmm. Yeah, I should war grants and I'm sorry
Uh this ash of war grants an armament the cold affinity and the following skills
Divine beast frost on a skill which imitates the wrath of the divine beast dance
Lift the leg up high and stamp it down with great force
Sends a powerful wave of frost straight out along the ground can be charged to increase power and range
Usable on all melee armaments
Eblor
I forgot what the other thing it even gave me is
What else did it even give me I forgot
Oh, no
The spell something about affinities
Maybe hmm
An ash of war. I just read the ash of war. Oh, they were both ashes of war. Maybe
Were they both ashes of war?
Uh, well, you know what whatever we got both things. I'll never use either of
And I didn't read the remembrance, which I really should have here wait. I'll look the remembrance up really quick
Uh, what was his name lion dancer remembrance?
Remembrance of the dancing lion
Here you go, this is I promise is what it says remembrance of the dancing lion
Hewn into the skadoom tree
The power of its namesake can be unlocked by the finger reader. Oh, that's all that it's got. Okay, wait. Here we go
um
The ritual okay, wait when the impaler's army assailed the tower
The ritual of the lion dance was turned toward martial ends its divinity its fury
Its light-footed beauty
That's the lore of the lion dancer that we killed
Would you believe that he was used to be just a normal dancer?
But this twisted world
Turned his dancing into violence
The skadoo tree
Oh, hey, no the lion dancer that'd be a good name for it actually
What if I go back out here if they're gonna say anything to me you guys get you guys get anything to fucking say to me
I killed the lion
Are you impressed
Stanton thank you for conscripting nomi pro into the real news
Should you spot any forager brood be sure to
Tell me to mind my manners who this guy think he is
I like for you things
Okay
Give me more of these these are good just just give me all these
Give me give me all of them. I've learned the error of my ways
And not eating livers
That give me resistances
This poor guy he just likes to find things
Okay, okay, okay
Whoa
I mean that's fucked up entertainment for sure shipping and bears to fight lions
for beleaguered gold miners
But I mean
If you were exhausted from gold mining
And you just walk up to a bear fighting a lion outside of your like shack
You'd probably be pretty entertained
I can see their thinking
I'm not approving of it, but I do see what they did there. What's over here. Oh more graves and then dead people that aren't dead
apparently
Oh and and mushrooms
It's a bounty
That's some classic farting entertainment for sure
Epic farting, you know, I think that that could be uh
It's like back when people used to be like fucking epic burger sauce
If you just replace like all of the slightly bad words with pretty mellow words
Could kind of be the new like um ron swanson style of swearing
I'm the fart dang boss around here
I'm just always trying to think of ways to bring a you know, like 2013 culture back
I don't even know why i'm fighting these fucking bats
Why am I even fighting these fucking bats?
Yeah, just rest it out, dude
Oh
What's going on with these guys?
Just some weird troll guys with dogs
It's like they're all over the place. That's fun for them
Do you know what's fun for me being a man of lasers?
Sorry about your dog, dude
Oh, it's like you're a fucking pushover
I take it is
Uh-oh I spoke too soon. He's probably gonna kill me
And he didn't
Yeah, yeah, like jiminy christmas, but in a goddamn
Motherfucker tone and you'd have to replace like christmas with like not a bad word but
But like a word like fart like jiminy butt piss
jiminy butt piss that kind of thing
I think that's solid
Revered spirit ash great news
What else is around here?
Yeah, exactly elite a new character for the cipher. He's just a little
He's just a little jiminy butt piss that lives on your shoulder
I don't really feel like there's any reason to fight any of these things
So I guess I just won't
Unless they freak out because I'm running around them
Oh good weather
Yeah, this is the late show
Someday late night tv will just be a guy playing a game or secretly it already is
Uh, what the fuck?
Oh good. There's a golden giant deer. Oh, sorry. That's a
Oh, what the fuck?
Are the deer attacking me?
Are you are you coming for me, dude?
I was just marveling at how your gold. This is so fuck. All right fine
Oh god
Oh, no, it's gonna kill me
I didn't start this man. I don't want to do this, but I'll do it Jesus
What the fuck all I get is a hefty beast bone
well
I do appreciate whatever that was
I got baited into that conflict by a tiny golden by tiny golden goat
That I called a deer for some reason
I think he definitely has a mustache for sure
And a seersucker suit sounds right
But I don't think he has shoes
I think he's still
He still has to read a little bit
For lack of a better word homeless
Which I think is an important part of the jimmy christmas character
You don't want Pinocchio spiritual guides to feel like they're housed
Otherwise, how do they have any street wisdom? Oh good more, um
Paintings that I never figured out what to do with I honestly never looked into what any of the paintings do
Uh, so
Still don't know
Definitely could have looked it up
Never ran across what to do with them, but they're all over the base game too, so
Maybe if I had figured that out I'd be excited to find that. All right. Well this area is
Feel like I'm exploring it fairly thoroughly and it feels pretty thoroughly pointless
Nice
We continue
Stanton you have to escape
It'll it'll form into the grooves of your brain if you're not careful. You'll never you'll never stop hearing it
Or maybe that's what you need
France and
Oh, it's all about getting unique gear. That sounds about what what are you guys doing?
For old guys, what are you even doing? Oh? Oh, you're just murdering me
What I learned is they were murdering me
blood loss
That sucks when you die and then you start losing blood
I did approach that pretty uh poorly. I was like maybe I'm gonna murder this guy before even notices. What's up?
What I uh, I didn't think of room
Oh, you so use the telescope also to um
Like see the view what the what the what are you doing? I don't I definitely shouldn't care about
My stupid runes
Let's just continue onward although. I didn't grab any of the items next to the runes. I don't think any of these guys are worth fighting
You're just not worth it, man. Um, that's how high above you I am
I'm an elegant horse murderer laser eyes
Think I'm gonna stop for you
Yeah, I would I would reboot the iPad if it's gonna if it's gonna shatter your brain which it might eventually
Like a ship on the rocks
psychedelics
What the I doubted I I'm so not paying attention
Okay, I want to get over there. I guess that looks exciting
Dude, uh, every everybody gets uh one Matt Liddell moment Matt Liddell gets infinite Matt Liddell moments and that's the man
That's the power of Matt
I do appreciate it though. Sincerely
um
Seem to be somewhat addicted to making uh unnecessary
Uh obs
Edits is that I guess edits is the word for it elements
but you know
I'm working on a little project with castum that might put some of those skills to good use
We will see
Unfortunately, I got really sick over the last three days. I had plans to get quite a bit done and I got
nothing done this weekend
I actually still feel pretty shitty
But I definitely feel good enough to sit here and play Elden Ring at least the only reason I really I didn't
Stream on Friday was I just couldn't stop coughing. It would have been way too annoying to watch me
Whatever's going on with my voice at all times was 10 times worse
What the don't do it
Oh, shit. He was gonna puke on me
But I asked him not to so he stopped. Oh, I didn't die. I wasn't sure how far I was gonna fall there
I think I should be based on how I'm I'm feeling actually better today
I was like annoyed because I didn't feel better for like two days in a row
Usually I feel sick for a day and then I feel better
Because of all the unhealthy eating I do I actually
Upped my body's immune system just because it has to handle all the general trash I put in it
Um, I'm pretty sure that's how that works, but this time I felt sick for like a couple days, which
Feels unusual, but maybe because I'm getting older that will now become more usual. Oh, thanks, man
Applied for g4. Well, hey, uh, you only missed out about a year work. That makes you feel any better. What are you? Where is this guy going?
What's up, man
What's up with you?
Yeah, no, I mean it was fun to work there while uh while we got to
I guess I was actually there for more like two years because I was there for some of the b4 g4 stuff
It might have been you know what?
It was disney actually
Where they do have a lot of stuff that kind of feels like it's in the vein of cheese tuna soup
Theme park food now that I've spent way too much time at theme parks
um
Really does feel like it poisons you when you have it too regularly
And I think I've definitely had it too regularly. I am gonna die if I go hang out with
Whatever this is
I mean just look at what these guys are doing
If you ever feel depressed and like you're not doing enough with your life, at least you're not doing this I hope
Just think of these seven or eight trolls worshiping this scepter troll and know that you're actually leagues ahead
Uh, thank you so much avcp
For the 17 months, we're just gonna sneak gingerly around these guys
And then from the safety of this balcony, we're going to belt them with the power of science
you idiots
thought
They're eating their friends
Dude if I was an anime protagonist, I would be so pissed right now
Oh, he was alive. They were eating their friends alive
That feels pretty immoral
Jeslyn, thank you so much for the 18 months. Damn
I got I want to set up alerts for when people are um
subscribed for like over six months 12 months 18 months
I've missed out. I'm
doing that for people that have already been subbed for a while, but
It's on my list of things to add to the stream eventually
Whoa, they got job. They got ups
I wasn't ready for it
All right, you fucking crazy guys. Let's do this for real
Pire to this
Oh, I went crazy
I was the one. Oh my god. Look how crazy he is
Shit, I changed my armor and now I guess I go mad quicker. I gotta be a little more careful
No me pro. Oh my god. They're going crazy. You guys are going crazy
Us to reach you 17 months. No me pro five community subs
That's craziness
Sincerely appreciate it. That's the power of moon subs
Thank you so much for empowering the moon
to rain over
Not the lands between but the other place that's kind of shadowy and all so shitty
But like the moon paradise that we're building together
With every sub you send
Just know that I
sit in a tower and think
And I think about the moon that's that's literally what I'm doing up there
That's deep
Thank you so much
She said it all though
Outer god heirloom
Thank you
You can actually have as many mat ladel moments as you like and I also appreciate mat ladel for all the mat ladel moments
Mat ladel moments are a top tier moment
Um
Oh, yes. Okay. I need to find out what this outer god heirloom does
Raises arcane
How much
It doesn't tell me
Uh, I can't equip it. Oh, I'm looking at it. Okay
The talisman engraved with the loo. Sorry. I forgot to put out my lower voice. Can you explain this Ronnie?
A talisman engraved with the lore of an outer god
Raises arcane
The clan who lost everything in the great fires
Feared upon the corpse of their ancestors
Normally an act of sanctity of course and saw it in its shadow and twisted deity
The clan had suffered such torment that the horrible thing was taken as an objective worship
And that makes perfect sense
You said it all outer god heirloom
Thank you mat
We should all be so lucky as to have mat ladel moments. Um
This thing is a butthole
I just noticed that this is just a fucking
Is this radigons buttholes that what a source seal is?
Am I just carrying around radigons asshole?
All right, I actually don't really need more arcane. So I'll just stop thinking about it. That's crazy
They're crazy for that one
Okay, I think the problem is I didn't power myself up with jellyfish juice
Oh god, they noticed me
I'm powered up with jellyfish juice. You stand no chance. Oh my god. He stood a chance
Why does everything have a 10 hit combo in this?
What the frick?
All right, you
Oh good. I got the blood fiend's arm
Looks like a cake. Yeah, I never mind that was a test. It was actually radigons cake seal
Prospect. Hey, we were just talking about prospectors
Okay, I'm pissed at these guys. They keep kicking my ass
I need to win. I need to win
Let's do this. I think lightning is the problem is I'm not going lightning mode
If I just jellyfish
And then I go fully pissed lightning mode. Oh god, they all woke up at once
I got too close
Oh, I was like half right
Okay, how does spitting blood at me?
Hurt me. I guess it's fucked up blood better than prolapse down
This is pretty much prolapse down
Also, I guess that their storyline is
They worshiped an outer god. They worship the fucking sacred mother or whatever
They worship the blood mommy that the other guy who likes blood worshiped
And now they're cursed to
Eat each other alive or whatever is going on here
Secret all along was to spam the actually good spells
And it netted me nothing
But hey
We learned that they worship an outer god. That's good
Anything else up here?
No, let's get out of prolapse town
Anything else going on in prolapse town? How about lower prolapse town?
I kind of they should occasionally they should just go really ham on giving you a titled areas
Like they call this pro, you know prolapse time. It's got like lower prolapse time mid prolapse time
But it's just this one tiny area
Sorry, dude, I killed your whole crew
You're all alone here now. You're the new mayor
Oh, you're not alone. You're not alone. I lied. You can't come in here. Oh you can. I was too good at rolling for him
Run away
Bravely flea
All right, so far. I don't know what this area is for
Kind of found nothing of value
Technically that arcane talisman is kind of good
But I'm already using a strength talisman so I can use my jellyfish shield
Which requires 20 strength for some reason. It's a seriously heavy spiritual jellyfish
Oh, what are you guys up to? You got you hiding anything over here? No
Okay, you guys got a thing
Oh grave glowert
Don't need that. Oh, I also got some mimic tear ashes and I got them to level 10
These are the things I accomplished while sick
Basically running around collecting things
The easy stuff. Oh, I dodged it
Huh
This area kind of sucks
We're back in prospect town. Okay. I think that's the whole
That's the whole area
Nothing was learned
What's this?
Let's go that way
Oh, jimmy fart piss lived there. Okay. That makes it more. Yeah, dlc complete
I'm going to sort of um unnecessarily
Check on check on things for I mean I could be way more I could be even more
um
What's the word explorative pedantic? I don't know
I could hit every wall and shit, but I'm not gonna. Oh, I'm not gonna do that
Look, check it out. We got the little Miyazaki boys. I keep seeing these guys on loading screens
These goddamn birds are gonna bother me, aren't they?
You fucking birds
Oh shit, none of my sword out
See that was a lesson to you other birds. Yeah back off. That's what I thought
All right, let's see what these things do to us
Are you hostile as well? Of course you are
Oh, they're not
What's up guys?
Who the Miyazaki boys? Yeah
You could definitely if you could if you played like Miyazaki themed music
You could definitely get like a cult following. You could at least have a tiktok band. I would probably get some views
Yeah, there's little worm spirits
Spirits of the worm tree
Oh, maybe there's a new worm ending you can get
You can get the the rune of worm
Oh a dungeon. Oh just a boss
Uh-oh a boss
I guess there's a I guess there's a thing right there. That's fine
Western nameless mausoleum
Thank you. I appreciate that even if I was a worm
What if this is a boss or if this is just one of those um legacy dungeons they were talking about
That I didn't really pay attention to what they were
When I heard people talking about them. Well, we'll just power ourselves up anyway
Take a knee
Boom like we're in the NFL, baby. We take knees here
All right, and in we go. Okay. It is a boss
Mimic friend. Uh-oh mimic friend not available. This is a duel. What the hell
Not cool, man. What's your fucking problem? Uh-oh pretty good
Oh, I keep forgetting that's not my
I keep forgetting when I have the shield out. I don't bloodhound step when I press that button
Okay, I
Did not do much damage to him. I think I really need to find more of those um
Level up guys
But this guy seems beatable
I'm surprised we're not gonna let me cheese him out with my spirit ashes
But fine
Blood boy do your thing
Oh too soon. Oh my god chest
I instantly annihilated goddamn. I could just come back later
I mean I dodged right into it twice. So that's very much on me
I could
I could cheese him a little bit more
I could breath his ass we could get breathy on him
Sometimes it's hard to use breath on these guys though
Because they attack you because it takes forever for this bread stuff to work breath stuff to work
Um, what the change? Oh my gosh. There we go
Olden vow
Oh bless up
There's my breath
Yeah, we're jellyfished
Everything is set up now
Yeah, how do you like that? I can spam you with projectiles too, dude
That was a mistake. I don't think I scarlet rotted him even so I guess that's not worth it
Man, I've really given up on my death counters, but we're at least a five. Okay, one more try and then I think I'll just
I gotta find more of those ashes
So I think have a little bit of a better shot against some of these
Bosses because I like I'm really poking it right now. All right
Oh
Didn't see that coming
What the he had like a follow-up shoulder tackle
Okay, we're just gonna come back later. I do feel like even more than the base game. It reminds me a little bit of the um
Some of the later like the very late game fights like millennia
some of the guys, uh
I have a bunch of the fucking revered these I need the skadootry blessings. I don't care about leveling up my fucking spirit ashes
Anyway, a lot of the later game bosses just have really extended combos that feed into other extended combos
which
I'm not the hugest fan of although. I suspect if I like there's a real combat junkie in these games
I'd be more into it
so I'm sure
There's a lot of fan base that is served by that stuff, but
I don't know. By the time I've been dodging like
three back-to-back con combos
I don't really feel like a great sense of satisfaction doing that 30 times in a row
Oh, they power up torrent. That's good
I do think I need to find more of the uh
basic ass ones
The ones for me
That's this way
Anyway, I suspect once I'm really annoyed from dying a bunch. I will complain a lot
About them shaming combos together. We'll just go exploring. Uh, what's this guy's deal?
Sir
Sir, you're on fire
Excuse me, sir. Oh, you're a dog
You're a fire dog
That's that could be bad for me
Get breathed on
What the frick? He didn't care
Okay, the breath might have been overkill
He was freaking me out because he was a fire dog. Are you okay?
Are you definitely an enemy?
Why are you so depressed?
I guess I'll just leave him alone
I feel like when an enemy actually doesn't attack me
He should just leave it alone
Yeah, that's that dog is just experiencing what everyone's experiencing
Apparently it's super hot in Chicago too. It's pretty hot here
Although, you know, it's summer in LA. It's
Honestly been pretty mellow in LA until
mid-july
I haven't been here long enough to know if that's normal, honestly
Oh
Okay, they're just fire dogs. They're actually fine
Oh, don't do it man
Oh god, what's up? Oh my god. What?
What?
They all literally went beast mode
What?
That guy was running up
How am I ever gonna find more of these freaking ashes when everything murders me already?
Maybe we just need to stay on our horse
Never get off your horse
Because then you can't run away
Yeah, that's normal for LA. Yeah, I feel like for the two year two-ish years I've been here
It's it starts getting real hot around july
Most of my memories of heat in LA are now courtesy of Kendall being at disney and being like Jesus christ
It's hot at disney. Why are we here?
All right, he'll never see this coming
How could he?
When I'm the one with the fucking science side
One-shotted baby
How does this fire dog like fire?
Oh, he likes it. Okay, actually that does make sense
All right, everyone's freaking passed out and now I've learned my lesson
You all need to get murdered in your sleep
The things you do when you're awake are not good for anybody
I do can how did that only hit him?
Okay, this is not working
No
Yeah, that's not good stuntson. I'm sorry to hear that
I do I went outside today
Because I'd been like holed up in my little sick hole when you're sick. You obviously want to stay in your sick hole
But I was like I need to go outside. So I went outside. I was like actually I need to stay inside
The ac in my current apartment is not that great honestly, but it is better than
outside right now
It is crazy every time I mentioned my apartment that I still live in this apartment
We have been waiting to move now for
10 months basically
But a 10 month delay
Someday though, I will if I'm doing a stream like this. I will have a slightly different background. I swear
Dude so far I gotta say I'm not feeling too rewarded for exploring in this game
Maybe I'm being impatient
But
I don't know man
It just looks so much like the base game and I'm not finding anything interesting
The base game I love
There's like a lot of stuff in the base game that feels a little samey, but you know when you're playing it for the first time
It feels more like a coherent world
I think because this is an expansion and there's been like a significant break and because I played the base game so much
I I am hoping that there's like
Oh a little bit more variation
Hmm
But it could be coming and also if there's interesting boss fights, I will forget all about
the rest of it honestly
It's like wrestling if the main event's good you forget about the undercard
Oh god fire dogs
Um, what am I trying to do here?
Oh this
We're planning we're planning
Sir, I'm developing a plan
Oh god, my plan is failing. Oh, yeah, I can still bust this guy out. All right. It's freaking fire dog is ruining my plan
Holy hell. He did not give a shit about that
Whoa
Dude, this plan is a failure
Lock on to him. Why does he not care about scarlet rod?
How is he so tough?
All right fire dog enough of you
Maybe he hates
Badness total miss. Can't you see that? I'm just trying to cheese you you bastard
Okay, he can die from that version
Now you're taking me seriously, huh? Got him
Black steel great hammer that would be the first weapon I found actually
130 sorry I was distracted by this hammer man 113 is
Is actually insanely brutal
Was it 113 in the car just outside?
I think the hottest place I've actually been is just Arizona in the summer and I could not believe
How bad it actually felt to be outside in like dry
110 degree weather
Outside that is brutal. Um, oh, I want to look at this hammer. Okay. I thought I can use a hammer anyway
Yeah, it's this
Black steel great hammer
Ronnie please
Weapon of the black knight servants of mesmer the impaler great hammer of black steel with decorative embellishments in gold
Blessed with an urge to incantation
Further holy imbuement will amplify the effect and greatly increase the armaments power
Guard counters cause a burst of power skill endure a sumer an anchored stance to brace for incoming attacks briefly boosting poise
Damage taken while using the skill is reduced
deep lore
That's lore it's a hammer used by the defenders of the main villain
Get ready for a 45 minute video essay on that hammer specifically. I guess churches are gonna
Have skadoo tree fragments in them
It is wild that they named the primary level up thing after like a thing jack black would say while doing like a hand signal
It's all school of rock fragments
A blessing of america
It made a noise when I got it like it's important
Anything going on in this fucking cave
Churches doing crosses doing sometimes are just randomly around
Another dead end
The church of the skadoo tree. This is a church america. I guess she used to have churches in this
Place too
Sure, why not?
I don't get where we are. I think I also someone mentioned that maybe this
DLC takes place in the past
another wonderful time-honored tradition of souls games is
Who knows when the fuck any of this happens?
Uh reverie think whoa 20 months
Damn, we're hitting the double the double tens
This looks like more area
So I need to maybe what happens if I just put a thing here
Maybe to see to fall down something over here
Maybe I do see trees down there
I don't think I can just fall down there. It's post 9 11. Yeah, this game is all post 9 11
Is this a map?
I already have a map for here. Okay. All right. Well skadoo tree
It gives you hard answers
I remember when I played dark souls 3
I watched a million fucking dark souls 1 lore videos. I feel like that's the game I had the uh
That was the peak of my lore interest in souls games is learning about dark souls 1
Unless so dark souls 2 which felt a little confusing and then dark souls 3
I was like this is just this feels like it's still had a great atmosphere
And it's got some interesting story elements, but the like reuse of dark souls 1 assets
But in a way that honestly just made no sense to me. I was like
Maybe it's best not to think about the story too hard
This game does have a pretty interesting story, but I do feel like it's
It's messy and illogical and and I think that you know
That's a feature and not a bug
Look for ones of sparkling pots on their heads. I found one sparkling pot for a pot person
Anyway, I do say that all as a fan of these games
I just do think
The a lot of youtubers do a lot of noble work
making sense out of
Some somewhat
Unsensible things
Yeah, the base game did also make it seem like Merica was a terrible person or
That maybe she was trapped under the thrall of the
fingers
She was trying to break the yoke herself or something
Like I don't like there's the glow might does it do anything with like the glow might queen stuff
I remember where I when I was playing the game and I
Was still at the point where I wasn't like looking up stuff on youtube. Whoa. Did I already talk to you?
Sorry I stopped talking to you here what she has to say
Feverish and in great pain. I was entirely resigned to death. I was left behind
And only kindly make a lot of my wound was swollen and festering
Exuding a most pungent odor and yet he drained the poison from it despite my wretched visit
Now I consider this wound my compass
Okay
Good to know I guess
I mean, what do I know? I don't know
Anyway, they just tell you what's up with Mikula. Well, that's good
But I do remember
When I was playing the base game. Okay, we're gonna go this way
Um
When I started reading stuff about the glow might queen and item descriptions
I was like, oh, that'll be interesting when she shows up or here or whatever
um
And when they just didn't I was like, uh, okay
And I know that there's all sorts of theories on who that character is
But it's just an example of like a lot of things in that game where I was like they just leave so many dangling threads
That don't have any kind of satisfying conclusion that it's sort of like well, what is the point of of thinking about it or
Digging into it too much
But they have great names glow might queen is definitely a fun name. Okay, we're going this way
We're running across this bridge
The problem is I haven't crossed this bridge. That's why I'm feeling confused
Yeah, that's nice
Mikaela was an example of like a dangling thread that I didn't mind how they handled that
Because like, you know, you got a sense that something's going on with the blood guy and mikaela and and clearly they're
Going to do more with that in this dlc
um
But you know, you're like fighting death birds and god's kind of apostles in the in the base game and
It's just sort of it became kind of difficult for me to track like
How a lot of that stuff fit together at all
And I know that there's a million lore videos that kind of explain it, but
I'm not sure it all does fit together. I guess it's my point, but maybe it does. Maybe I'm not giving them credit
There's a lot of factions going on. I feel like some of the factions got quite a bit more love than other factions, I guess
Oh god
It's a whole camp to murder me
Uh get lasered fun and doubt laser guys
Uh-oh
He's
Strong against lead. Oh, it's one of these fucking things wasn't gonna go. Well
Oh, I know where to go
Oh god
Oh, he can jump
They jump now they jump now
horse
Yes
When she's in use horse
Okay science for them
And science for where'd he go? Oh, there he is
Oh my god, I snuck up behind him somehow
This is dlc
You haven't found anything about the glow my queen yet, but there is a redon and godwin lore. Oh, that's fun
I mean, it's not like the whole game hinges on um
Explaining who like the glow my queen is but I just remember at one point reading like the
Godskin nobles work for the glow my queen. It's like who the fuck is that?
And then I looked it up. I was like that doesn't explain it at all
You know, I have to explain it
But um when it's like a character that doesn't even appear in the game
And it feels like it's sort of important
Feels like the godskin nobles are kind of important because they show up at like all these
important moments in the game
Fun stuff like that to be a little
Mysterious in a way that didn't feel even satisfying the mysterious
But anyway, I'm literally judging this dlc wall barely getting into it because I keep dying
Oh freaking a freaking lost grace
You have two more weeks of vacation is wait. Is that bad?
That sounds good fancy
Miss it all baby. You're on vacation
Um, I don't give a shit about spoilers if anyone in the chat does
um
I guess maybe we shouldn't be too explicit, but I I actually don't care
um
I'm kind of a spoiler
a spoiler guy myself
Sometimes in dark souls, I won't look up stuff on youtube, but that's just because when you look up lore
It kind of it often just sort of spoils
how to get through areas or
Just how the world fits together
But when lore is more and just explained without visuals, then I really don't care
Castle of ensus
Castle of mitokitosis
Blazers
Oh god
We're gonna need more firepower
Uh-oh
I'm not loving my chances here
Oh man, don't do those
honestly these guys
In the base game are not the worst
Giant enemies. Oh, man. I barely heard his ass. Oh
Okay, I think it has the same moveset as in the base game. So maybe I'll be fine actually
Dude chill
Whoa, okay. That's pretty good. See these guys are slow enough
That generally they're pretty fucking easy to dodge
Which feels like a breath of fresh air given some of the other enemies I've uh had to fight
But he certainly had an imposing entrance
Oh one sec
Wait, you'll be in ronok tomorrow
Oh my god, you're going to my hometown fancy
Yeah, no birthday spoilers
But spoiler alert fancy, you're gonna be in my hometown. I'd recommend things to do but um
You know, it's ronok go to texas tavern
Downtown ronok is actually fine, but I've been I've been out of there for so long. I honestly don't
I probably wouldn't have the most up-to-date recommendations on what to do go see the star
And it's just a late night
Generically named eating place. It's just like a hole in the wall burger place that everybody would go to when they were drunk
You get like egg burgers basically it's the local egg burger establishment
Drunk people would go let's go to tts
And then you would
all right
Is this a freaking Ray Lucaria area or back in the glen stone
Area of the world sorry sir
You are not taking appropriate care of your dog
and he has been
Repurposed by the state
Oh, you know did I I got to use my skidoo tree stuff next time. I've had a grace
I think I have a I think I'm hanging a skidoo tree right now an unused skidoo
That is such a crazy. I can't get over that name
They're like halyg tree
Uh
What's the base tree the bird tree? Yeah, skidoo tree
Shit it was all for nothing
It was all for naught. I got shielded once and died
Just a lazy overhand squish got me
Well, and now is the point where you run past stuff
Okay, we're we're improved. We're at level two
We're now at skidoo tree level two
Okay, that was funny
Oh the giant was a non reappearing enemy
The easiest enemy to beat doesn't reappear
That's classic
I think that yeah, I think the visual design in these games is always really strong
I think my only complaint visually right now would be it feels like
Just a remix of the base game to me
um
more so than like
On a new area that is using new assets
It just kind of feels like they've remixed a lot of old assets
Oh god
It is pretty foggy too
But I'm fine with foggy
I'm a turrox 64 gamer
I miss it when fog was five feet away from your face
And you didn't know what kind of dinosaurs were six feet away
Yeah, that's actually a good point. It didn't bother me in tears of the kingdom for some reason
Even though it's just a full retread of the same map
But I guess breath of the wild is like legitimately one of my I mean so is so is elbin ring
So I don't know why I'm feeling less plused about how this looks so far like that does look cool
But I guess it's just like in the base game. I thought it was so cool how that tree was always in the distance
That building this expansion around just a different tree in the distance. I don't know
It for some reason feels less satisfying to me
but I also I can be like sometimes I'm too judgmental of things literally as I'm playing them and then I
Retroactively like them more. I'm ultimately just too much of a fucking hater
Yeah, I've heard that from a couple
sources
That I really need a skidoo tree
The only thing there is like
It feels a little, you know, if unless you're looking up where they are
You're just kind of gotta kind of get them when you get them
I guess the idea is if you hit stuff and you're just bumping your head against it
explore the map
But I just explored a fair amount of the map and I found
one
So I don't know we'll see
No, sir
Oh my god, I'm getting a call
Kendall
You're you're you're on the stream right now
Okay, I'm probably gonna stop playing once you're back
Okay, all right
I'll see you soon
Bye
Okay, it was doing a better job of dodging him while playing with one hand and talking to Kendall
Jesus
Yeah, maybe that's the trick. Oh boy
I think I'm just gonna run past him
Maybe I guess I could spam him with some some lasers
It's just so annoying to keep running up there. Oh the opening area is the least densely populated interesting
That would kind of make sense
I felt like the opening area in the base game
Compared to like lane dell was pretty
It was a little more gentle
Which is probably good easy win a little bit
Or like Caleb where there's just
A million horrifying things everywhere
The only problem is if I do what I'm going to do, which is run past everything
Oh, wait, what?
Oh, I thought that oh my god that killed me. Wow
I thought that was one of those little fucking bugs
The little dung beetles, but it was just
a shitty
Hey
Pile or whatever a tumbleweed. Oh, there's a southern coast. That sounds nice. This area is actually uh
You know all these all these burned corpses had a nice visual flare to castle ensis
Anything over here?
Nah
Well, it's beautiful brown water in this game
The water is golden brown
I just came from a golden piss area
The sacred pissy sap of the skidoo tree was leaking everywhere. This is running here
All right, you don't worry. It's more like a zombie dog than a real dog a loyal knight cookbook
I guess at some point I should check my crafting table
Oh, I thought I could jump behind him. Did you fall off? There we go. Nope. Let me around you, sir
Stop being good at killing me. Oh, man
Open no
Oh
Convenience. Yeah, the power of sleeping
All right. Well now I can kill this thing without being too annoyed
Skidoo tree fragment and he abandoned some more flesh there
Good for him
uh jellyfish and laser eye and laser eye and
A legitimate fight now, maybe
Man, he really fucks me up every time
Just want to kill you once dude
Just let me kill you once
All right
Magic was the key
Nothing. Okay. It gave me nothing. It was a mistake
Trying to kill him
Oh, what's your deal?
All right, we're gonna
It did it
I achieved
The the joy of killing him and nothing else. I should have known that all I really need is oh wait
So now do I need three?
Skidoo tree fragments to
Level up my skidoo blessings
Oh, I need two
Oh, I had to
All right. Now I don't have enough
Oh, but I've got level three skidoo tree. I don't know what the math is on how much it powers you up
But apparently significantly. Oh, you noticed me. Oh, you just stood up
I didn't kill you. Ah good some not resin
Hmm
You can see this not going well. There we go. All right
science
Oops did it twice
Can't believe that worked. I picked the wrong thing, but it didn't matter
A pack ahead. Oh man
I put more science in this hole
Oh, well, whatever
Hello enemies
We prepped it. We prepped the hole with some science
And so we were okay. It's my skidoo friend
What's up, man?
What are you hiding birds?
Oh, no, they're hiding a jump
Kind of want my guy to say skidoo before he does everything skidoo jump
Do whatever you think you're gonna find a good item and you find starlight shards. It never feels great
Does Kendall have a naturally poor sense of direction? Um
I don't know actually
Think in our GPS based travel world. I was not hurt at all. I didn't do that. Um
I'd actually have a tough time saying I guess I will say when we go out
In the general area that we actually you know that we live in currently and I'm like, let's go to mcdonald's or whatever
She often doesn't know
Without me telling her where the mcdonald's is
Which I guess is only surprising because it's like
It's like three turns away from us
So I guess maybe she doesn't have the best sense for for burbank, but maybe that's because she's never really
bonded with um
She hasn't sold bonded with this part of la because we've been planning to leave it
Basically ever since she moved here. I feel like when we're in um, like van nye as she knows where she's going
Oh, they're vertical. I like that. I really liked how vertical the original dark souls was
That's another thing. I liked about dark souls 3
But the original in particular
Kelly at california's la's design is
insane
It's a sprawling mess of a city with no
Very few public transit services that
people use
Great numbers
The bus system I've heard is okay
Oh man, I should have known
Um, but if kennel or here she'd be annoyed if I started talking about how
I think chicago and new york feel
More like an actual city, but you know, I guess that's a pretty common take
Yeah, I mean chicago is not full of like, uh
The gentlest drivers either
I think just in general people aren't like the gentlest drivers la drivers. There is an aggression to the driver around here for sure
That feels somewhat unique
More so in that people really hate merging. They hate letting anyone merge
They will speed up to stop you from merging. I mean that happens all over the place
But here I feel like it's really ubiquitous
Like if you are trying to get into my lane, you are an asshole is kind of the vibe
She couldn't see the gps to get home
I think if I am
Depending on the neighborhood. I meant I would need gps to get home
I don't if I can get towards a couple highways at this point
I know where I'm going in la
But I'd say in general I feel like a little insecure in la without a gps
Because you can live here for years and still not have seen like, you know, 70 of la
You little fucker
Yeah, I could imagine. I mean, I haven't even been in la that long so
I'm certainly not the
Authority on anything about this city
It's it's I will say la has really grown on me as a place to live
um
but it has
That's some deep structural problems that are unlikely to get fixed at any point
soon
That's definitely true for a place like chicago new york too, but I'd say in la they like
confront you more often in day-to-day life
Hello
Kendall's back
Oh my god, it's candle
I'll say hi check it out guys
It's candle. He's got the itzy shirt. How you doing? How's the podcast? Yeah
nice
I've been playing the new game
And talking shit about it for honestly no reason. I have mixed feelings on it so far
I'd say mixed but most but still positive
I think I'll get to like
The next stopping point and then stop because we still need to watch um
The vampire show
Oh, and there's a new episode of um
There's a new episode of
Dragon show there's dragon show. There's vampire show
You don't like dragon show
We mean house of dragon in case that wasn't clear if you're thinking of a different dragon show
What the dog?
What? Oh dragon tail
Are you thinking of dragon tails
Kendall's extremely confused by dragon tail
Kendall can you dance in this little circle?
I don't know the words anymore. It's pretty good. I think that was pretty good
Who's shooting at me? Oh my god. I'm almost dead. Oh my god. Didn't Nathan say dragon tails at the same time?
I said dragon tails. I couldn't tell wait. He might have been responding to your dragon tails
Or you're on the exact same page
Dragon tails fans think alike. Are these guys teleporting?
Okay, are you? Oh my god. I'm getting clowned on
There he is
Well, uh
We're making Lennon want to simultaneously be there in cities pretty much also boiled down to suburbs
With patches of apartments. There are plenty of places to explore adjacent
Like atwater. Yeah
Yeah, I will say when I go to certain neighborhoods, they do have more of like an actual neighborhood vibe
Burbank is kind of spaced out like it's a mall or something. Oh man
This guy, I don't have any health
Let's just see what else is around here first before he murders us
But he does look like a good stopping point if I can beat him
I guess the run-up to this isn't too bad. I've just been taking my time
dragon time dragon time
I kind of I kind of know what's up with the dragon show because I read
The dragon book
I read his little dragon history book after the first season
So now I know all the spoilers. Um
Yeah, that that does sound about right
like, you know, if you live in um
certain parts like Los Feliz
It's way more walkable
even like uh
Technically parts of hollywood are more walkable, although I don't know if you people want to walk around hollywood
You know, I was I was driving through hollywood the other day and I saw freaking will neff sprinting around in running gear
He's going so fast. I couldn't even stop and say hi
I was like, well, I guess it is walkable or at least printable if will neff is sprinting around north hollywood
Just billy gnashing his ass off
Looking at down the street
Yeah, just a while. I didn't I didn't see it coming
All right
Is this guy gonna fight me?
He's totally his name is red, but he looks so chill. I guess I'm gonna give him a shot
Okay, I shouldn't have I should have shot you with a laser
And now it's gonna cost me everything
It cost me everything immediately
It would have also I was driving
Fairly, I was like turning as I noticed him
I would have had to just totally stop traffic and be like
Stop running. Look at me
Who if will could get a hold of that fiona bounty?
He could just stop streaming
Oh, I'm glad I opened up this geez. Okay
We sprint past everyone
So that we can go get one-shotted by this guy
See the amount that these bosses are one-shotting me is is worrisome
Because I don't know how many skadoo fragments I'm gonna find
These are the concerns of a normal man
I'm concerned about my skadoo fragments. I'm gonna freaking die. Yeah. Yeah, I saw that coming
Dogs plus lasers too
Dangerous
He's the knight in front of urnala in the base game. Oh, so we are in
The past or he's we're in a spirit realm
Or something. I think one of the things that broke my um
Any attempt to try to like rationalize these games too much
Is in the third dark souls when you just
run back into an orlondo
It's like, huh? Like when does this take place?
What's going on?
The answer is
You know
Time was doing things
The end of the cycle. Oh my god
I don't really know
If I just run right up there, you know, maybe just run past and light the fire so that I can
Not have to bring all these guys with me to fight them
I think I'm gonna do that
I think that's
I think that's the only move here
I do think it's wild though that uh, and I'd kind of fun that for your average gamer
Who's not willing to read every added description and piece it together for themselves
To a story that already probably doesn't have like a
A fully coherent narrative to it again and not not to talk shit like I think that's sort of the point
um
It's wild that like the solution of that is
Basically that youtubers do the lore videos
Oh, fuck. There isn't a there isn't a freaking fire in here. It's just this guy. I thought this guy was a gray site
Give me this
Chill dude
Oh, wait, maybe I've trapped him
Oh, oh my god. It's crazy in here
It's fully crazy in here. I've used so much health already
Jesus
Oh my lie
I don't fucking know man
I guess I'm just supposed to earnestly get up there by killing everything
But then that guy's just going to one-shot me. So it so doesn't feel worth it
Yeah, lands between is is a is a good big work for it for it
It's a place where everyone is really pissed and kind of a zombie
But maybe at one point it was a functioning empire or something. I mean the architecture would suggest it was
Or maybe not
Anyway, you're under attack. I thought these games
All right, I'll just kill the ones that follow me. Oh my god
Or they'll kill me is the other option. Jesus more of them keep following me
Oh
Well, they need more runes. Sorry. I'm the rune. I'm the rune warden
I'm the rune tax and I take all the taxes a hundred percent. I take all the runes
Well, currently they're taking all of mine actually
Currently I'm actually socializing rune use in this world. All right, we're going freaking
We're going freaking lightning mode because this just is not working for us
We're larping baby lightning bolt. It didn't work. It kind of worked that time
Okay, when lightning doesn't work we go lightning eyes. Okay, and you can get
Fuck please
Was I a fantasy kid?
um
What kind of kid was I? It's a good question
I feel like I've always had a pretty broad appetite
um for just
culture in general
Probably be closer to like an anime kid than a than like a Tolkien kid
But I mean I read the hobbit book and the first Lord of the Rings book pretty young
Um, you know in high school like everybody else I saw the movies
But I don't I don't think that necessarily makes me a a legit Tolkien kid
I keep seeing that rings of power is getting uh promoted like in the
Base level of my tv
Whatever sony is trying to promote for some reason because I have a sony tv
Chief
This is such an annoying wind up to this guy because he is gonna kill me right away
I was captain the football team didn't have time for nerds
My school was so small. I possibly could have been captain of the football team just by being like
I guess I'll do it
There were 40 kids in my uh, that's the kind of kid. I was I was a small high school kid
I probably explains me better. I didn't have to form a hardened identity because there were too few of us
Okay, we're gonna just try to science-ize this man to death
By the power of jellyfish
and flame strength
Oh, it might be doable
But we gotta run the fuck away
Run away
We're cowards
Fucking oh, I drove you crazy
Uh, but not for long enough what you don't get to heal
Dude you are doomed
I've found how to cheese you and it's fucking over for you man
Uh, he's getting close. Oh
No, I should not have been confident
Why did I say a confident thing?
If I had just smashed him in the face while he was crazy, I would have won
Zoning out and reading the same page of the book is the thing I can relate to too well
Dude, that is such a bummer. He was
He didn't get close. He got in you
That's accurate
Uh, I have to kill everything just to get to him
I'm gonna go flame a frenzy on these guys. I think this will get him
It did
And now I just hide
I've prepped this for this guy
enjoy
Oh, he did enjoy it
He enjoyed not caring about it
Okay, I got him. All right. We're jellyfish boys. You can't hurt me. I got a jellyfish shield
Oh, you thought that'd do something to me. I'm a jellyfish man. Oh, you got me anyway
We're gonna scienceize this man. He thinks
He got us. Oh, you fucker. I even knew you were there. All right
It's time for science
First we get this guy. Oh, I had the wrong one equipped. Damn it. Oh, no
I blew the element of surprise
Oh boy, this is not good
It's got a long wind up. Okay, never mind. I don't have to charge it
Where's the other guy?
Where are you? What the where'd you even come from man freaking teleported guys?
Where what where'd the other one go?
Ow
Where are you now?
This guy is freaking batman right back in the same spot you fucker
That's the ultimate trick
Okay
jellyfish
The powers of flame
Boom high duke and body
All right, and finally endless science perpetrated ruthlessly
science one
science two
And a quick science
Oh, he's crazy. No
Okay
Oh he healed. He's right behind me
I gotta get away from him
Runs away
Oh, no, he cares less about science suddenly. Why are you so fast?
Uh-oh
Okay, think I might have to actually fight him. Oh, nope
Science. Oh, I'm out of fucking science juice
I need my science juice. Oh, please. He did hit me. Oh my god. I'm gonna jump off a cliff
Oh, and I jumped off the cliff
Oh, I panicked. I felt myself fucking panic
When he goes crazy, I gotta run up and really stab his ass
It's so mean
Couldn't they just let me have my pathetic victory?
You fucking guys
How about another one?
Got him
I know you
Let me on
All right, and you will just fight. I guess
Oh my god. Jesus
Even their shitty little foot soldiers are pretty tough now. All right
Bad bad start
pretty bad
All right, I know there's a fucking dog in here and what he needs is science
to repent
Okay
He did he's repented
Okay, and this time maybe we just hit this guy
Right away
Okay
All right, little teleporter here
That shredded
There's her other guy
There you are
Where you going?
You coming back here
You have multiple spots
Oh my god, he's psyching my ass out. Did he teleport off the cliff? Is that a thing they can do?
What you're up there? Yeah, I can't go up there, dude. You need to come back down, please
Oh, no
He wants to be involved
Why is he doing this to me this time?
That's not good
You fucker
No, he's gonna be around for this fight. It's gonna ruin it
To teleport elsewhere, dude. This is crazy of you. You were being crazy currently
Maybe if I go this way, he'll chase me this way
Dude, this game is being vindictive right now
He's gonna fucking shoot me while I try to science-ize this guy
Okay, maybe he won't
All right, we're just gonna go for it
You piece I fucking knew it. Oh, I hate him so much
What is with this?
Why is he up here now?
Up here if you're gonna. All right, you fucker. Oh my god. I hate him so much. He's the new he's the new final boss
What was that noise?
Dude, what is with this fucking NPC?
Oh my god, I I should just quit. I'm this guy's gonna make me quit this game
Okay, if I can just get him when he first appears maybe
Nope
This is insane
If I run out there, I have to fight this boss and the only way it can beat him is by all right
It worked out. It's sort of worked out
Okay, this time we're gonna try a different approach
I am going I'm losing my mind
Okay, we're gonna drag and breath this guy and he can try to get as close as we can
And give ourselves a little fish friend
Little jellyfish sauce. Are you sick now? You feel sick?
Good
That's how fucking twisted I am dude. Good. Yeah, he's gotta be feeling pretty bad now
but
Hopefully he'll feel even worse when I cowardly run away from him
Just to let him get sicker. Oh my gosh lock on him. Just rot to death, dude
Okay, I didn't know he had those swords. He didn't use those last time for some reason
I healed way too slow. I mean I gave myself well
I kind of blame that noble
This is this is truly miserable
I'm just stuck on a mid-level
Like nothing enemy
And all the nothing enemies leading up to him
I do I do think
I can see why people are like did they have to make everything one-shot you?
I do think that might be a fair complaint
Granted, I'm not this isn't the most reasonable build. I guess if I had more strength or something
Hey, yeah, I probably need more trees
At least those guys are dead for now
Okay dog. Can I get the drop on you?
No
Everything. Yeah, it's just those blessings aren't coming like fast and furious
I guess I I guess I could just sprint around the map
And try to find sights of grace. Maybe that's
the move
Feels like a weird way to play one of these but okay dead
Where's these other fuckers?
Where are you you absolute psych? Okay, I'm not letting you do this to me again
Okay, where's the other one?
Where are you back there?
How does this work?
Oh that time I got his ass. All right
Yeah, I think the skadoo tree is like the is the weird it's like the party of their family that your parents don't like to talk about
I like oh Ronnie's kids
skadoos
Yeah, we don't invite them to everything. There's one
Let me slurp this down
Oopsie that was a mistake try again though. Okay. Nice. We run away
like a coward
Ooh, maybe
frenzies
Maybe I can drive his ass crazy or maybe he'll just murder me
Oh god, I'm dead
I'm not dead. Okay
Do a big jumping attack you dummy
How's he not gone crazy yet?
Man, he's mentally strong
And physically much stronger than me. It's a bad combination
I'm gonna jump off the fucking edge again
Oh
God that's frustrating
I really do have the madness. I have to kill this guy before I quit. I don't think he'll respawn at least
Usually that thing drives people crazy faster. I feel like maybe I'm wrong
Wow that mostly went into the ground
Okay
What you're still alive
You just come fight me dude. Just get over here
Come on. Oh my god. You're being so dramatic. Just run over here. Okay, the usual half my life stomp attack
Love that for me
Fencer instance said believe in the heart of the car
What I got to do right now
It's got to get Kendall to beat it for me
Yes
Yeah, one second
Let me hand can hand Kendall some laundry one sec
One quick sec
Oh god, I still have all of my
background effects on
Background summons that don't work right now
Apologies, I always mean to turn those off, but I have not set them up to be turned off yet
I have 34,000 runes there. Okay
It's from this terrible run-up
Love that I got hit there. Oh, don't do it, man
Don't do it
You know, you don't want to do it
What? How did I miss that?
The sword went through you you fucker
Okay, I use so much health
In the run-up here. That's probably not good. All right barfing on him
Oh, that did not go as planned
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you love the heal. I get it
No, I hit dodge. I swear. I swear
Oh
Oh, he was nice to me for some reason
Okay
You bastard
No, how are you still? Oh, okay. Good. He rotted to death
Geez
Moon riffles moon riffles night sword
Geez, okay. Well, that wasn't really a boss exactly. So I don't know how excited I should be but I'm glad I beat it
Let's see what moon riffles night sword is
Ronnie any insight here?
Of course, this is one of my moon friends that you just murdered
Great sword embedded with a blue glen stone the favored weapon of the steadfast carrion knight moon riffle
Moon riffle was the twin moon knight chamberlain, of course
She was also a friend to the trolls
Who served the royal family and proudly wielded their weapons as she fought arm and arm with her gargantuan comrades
I thought she was just a little knight isn't that nice and the rest is just about damage. Bye. Bye
Well, that's all worth it to learn a little bit of moon lore
All right, let's try to find a grace and then we'll
We'll stop punishing everyone
Where's that fricking sorcerer that was attacking me?
Nowhere
Oh, let's come from this room. Oh, I see you. You're gonna get stabbed, dude. This is for vengeance
This is wwe payback. Yeah, that was a low pee fight for me
America I beg embrace your child and give us a sign
How long must this holy wall stretch on?
That's how the people sound in the lands between
It's good to get someone authentic to read the dialogue
Yeah, low pee I go low tea low pee
shadow realm broon
Ooh more backstabs. He shouldn't have liked that fire so much because now he lives in it. What?
No, I was talking so much shit. Oh my god, I was lucky
Oh, he just randomly hit the door
That was an ambush. How dare they?
There's gotta be there has to be a grace around here somewhere, right?
No, there's more teleporting wizards instead. All right. It's time to go wildly running mode
Nothing nothing. Okay. We're just jumping over this ledge
There's not a grace anywhere. I'm gonna be really sad
Or yeah, at least the connection back to the beginning which maybe that is I don't even know
Uh, everyone in chat telling me that this is oh, no
This game is pretty vertical. I'm seeing what you mean
Uh-oh
No, I fell
You fall instead
Your fancy sword movements, you know, what's fancy spamming are and staggering you fortunately
Where the fuck
It's a freaking bonfire, man. Please give me a bonfire. I'm ready to be done
Oh, is that where we fought our that where we fought the dancy boy?
Dancy pants the lion man
Wow, I did almost fully step off that. It's a previous area
Where is this? This is I guess where I fall
Off right? Yeah
Great
I hope
Oh a glint blade trio
Wait, this is where I just was. Oh, it's not. Uh-oh. What's gonna kill me in here?
Hello
Who's on the ceiling?
Okay, if I die here, then I'll just I'll stop here for the night. Nope. Just a friendly shield. All right
Big doors don't mean good things. Oh, this is okay. This is where I just was
Oh, okay, so I've made no progress
That's good to know
If this is the end of this area, then I am I am a little confused by some of the design choices
In this game, but I'm guessing I'm just missing where I'm supposed to go. Oh a ladder. Oh wait. Nope not a ladder
Okay, I'm hallucinating
Oh
That's a door. Okay. I'm an idiot
It did look like a locked door, but it's not
Okay
Uh-oh
Usually ramparts that are this empty mean like a giant dragon's gonna come
Just barf on me. All right, dude. Take it easy
What?
That man is invincible
We need to barf some science on these guys. I can't believe I still haven't hit
A bonfire. Oh, no. Oh boy. They're pissed understandably. They're upset
Fighting them seems to be not in the cards. Maybe
But running away could work
Yeah, they're just they're figuring it out amongst themselves. Okay, please
Please. Oh boy
I do not have much many heals left
Or any I don't have any heals left. Wow. I did not dodge that at all. Okay. I need to
I needed to hand this guy
To hand it please. There we go. Oh boy
wasn't meant to be
Maybe up there is a bonfire. I can at least run back here really quickly
I think
Oh, there's a chest there. Nice
Because I don't have to fight that guy so I can just sprint past everything
Assuming that he's dead, which I think you should be because he's named
Getting a name in this game is uh, how you lose your immortality
Yeah, I I
as usual
Greatly underestimated how slow the move is
In the lands between they teach you that if you want to swing a weapon
You need to spend about an extra six seconds going like
Surely this dog will lose interest in me someday, right? Yeah, you think you're so cool because you can shoot little blue guys
Ow
Actually had a sword
frickin
Dog fart salad guys. Ow
Your spears are so long
Yeah, let's just run down here and grab their stuff
That'll help us and we'll get away easily, right?
Yeah, we did
We're a little teleport boys now
Secret to the game is to sprint
What's in here?
We love to explore
Oh, and a new type of ski. That's fun
Don't know what that means. All right. I'm gonna fight you just kidding
Bye. Bye everybody. Goodbye friends. Please lift up. Thank you
Sometimes these lifts start really slow, which I do think is
A funny way to punish you for thinking you're safe. Oh my god. I see sparkles in the distance
We frickin made it
Oh, thank god
Such nice furniture. Oh my no. No, I thought it was gonna be tougher. All right, let's
Yeah, they are banned from the elevator
Because they don't treat it with respect. They put too many people on it
They do the thing where you jump when it starts going down
Okay, we're just gonna if they're just gonna see if this ends in a boss fight. Oh, it does. Okay
I don't think I have the I don't think I should spend the time to actually beat whatever this boss is
But let's at least see what it is
Because it's almost certainly going to absolutely wreck me a hundred times
Rilana
Oh, one of the one of the Ronnie play people
The creatively named Rilana
fight my
Fight my twin
Maybe we just beat him in one go using my cheap ass twin
Okay, get barfed on
You're no match for the out. You're a match for the power of barf
unbelievable
Why do you like me so much?
Don't you see
my copy
My dangerous copy
Being interested in me
Oh god
Oh, wow, what are you supposed to do there?
Secret is to keep always
Yes
Okay, and we're done
Look at her go
You know, we made way more progress than we did in the other fight. Okay tomorrow
The pending on you talk to cats about what we're doing tomorrow
That the stream I wanted the Collins stream
I want to do with him is not ready to go unfortunately
Um, but this week now that I'm not sick. I think I can actually get it all together
So depending on what he wants to do tomorrow
I'll either stream this or do something with him
We'll see
Also, I don't know how castims cat is doing. I should check in on that
Every is what we do
Don't worry. You're done stealing me
I guess I love somebody else
Yeah, nor is being nor nor is not doing uh
Or is doing normally
If you're always sick, then I guess you're doing normally
All right, it's time for my favorite pastime type in elden ring trap beat
And then find someone to raid
Let's try a new one today. This is the mesmer the impaler beat a mesmer the impaler type beat
That's great news for all of us. Oh great mesmer beats to study to
Let's find someone to raid
By the power of the moon
Be raid
Gino's on
Let's rain Gina darlin. She's playing ballers gate three. Wow
Okay, and you know what sounded night
Is this there's sure there's some stars
Maybe some cosmic dust
Maybe even a couple meteorites
But you guess it fancy
The main thing is the moon
moon raid
By the power of the moon
In the sky
And as big as the sun
better than the sun
Don't get confused
The sun actually
Reflects the moon
The moon is the main event is what I mean moon raid. Okay
That's all the time we have
Case needs to be released back into the lands betwixt
And betwan, which is what we call you all round. Bye. Bye. All right. See y'all tomorrow. I think
Feeling better feeling empowered after the successful
NPC kills have a great night. Thanks for hanging out. Bye. Bye