I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
Two days in a row. What kind of madness is this?
We're back again. Because why not? It's the new year, second stream.
I'm getting all my headphones in just a sec.
I thought I got this wireless pack guys, everything's changed.
And then I forget to put it in every time.
Hope you're all doing well.
Good to see you all tasty zero MSG, Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Ray Silva. Is there audio on this thing?
You know what? Maybe there's not. Oh, it's not on. I know it is on.
It's not plugged in. That'll do it.
That'll be the problem. Where is it though? Where is it? Where is it? There it is.
Okay. Cram it in. It's time for bin. That is a pretty good slogan.
Is that kind of a good slogan?
Okay, now I'm hearing things. There we go.
It's not your fault if you can't hear yourself. That's a you problem.
It's not my fault and it's also a you problem. Oh, it's not our fault. That makes more sense.
I gotta do all these ins and outs right in front of you guys today.
What the heck is in here? I have so much random ass equipment guys.
You'll be shocked to hear it. But I got some stuff in here. I don't even know what it's for.
Okay. I need a little thing for my earphone.
Look at this. It doesn't have a little thing on it anymore. It fell off. That's just unacceptable.
You gotta watch me find the right ear thing. I assume I even have one.
Maybe this will work. I got a whole bag of little ear things.
So many 2am Amazon purchases. I wish I could even make that excuse.
Most of the random equipment I buy is done in the middle of the day with full clearheadedness.
As clear as my head gets at least. I need a big ass yoga ball. That might be better for me I guess.
Engage my core while I work. I love to engage the core.
Oh man is this thing not even gonna get on here?
Can I just put it in like this? Will it stay in?
You know this might stand. Whatever. Whatever.
Oh wait here it is. I had my little ear thing all along. That's crazy.
Can I jam it on here? Yeah there we go. Health wise.
Yeah. Okay. Now we're all set up.
I feel totally locked in.
Okay what are we doing today? Hey Papito what are we doing today?
Papito? How should I know? I don't know your deal man. I'm gonna do my thing over here.
I'm gonna be straight chilling.
I don't like you talking like that Papito. Like how?
Talking at all? The fact that I'm talking is a fucking miracle case.
And you never are that excited about it. I'm too used to it.
We'll get unused to it. I'm gonna start saying... I'm gonna start speaking in Spanish.
And I don't know how to speak in Spanish either.
Please don't. Okay. The optics of it are too weird.
Bring back the spark. I never felt it. So show me the spark.
Cram it in out of poor Tramp Stamp? What if it's in a fancy angelic cursive?
Just like on the stream or on me. You want me to get a Tramp Stamp that says cram it in?
It's time for bin. Are you committed to this stream or not?
I'm semi committed. I don't think I'm Tramp Stamp committed.
As your choice. Just in general? Okay.
The ice news? Oh yeah. I saw the video.
I don't even know what Twitch... Uh, Cycorp. Thank you so much for the raid.
Hope you had a lovely stream. Good to see everybody.
We were just about to possibly throw to some legitimately horrific ice news.
Um... Yeah, I was gonna ask. I don't even know. Can I show that video?
Oh, shit. So many noises.
As I mentioned, should I throw it to a video where someone is murdered?
This is what happens. Probably shows that I probably shouldn't be throwing that video.
But that's never stopped me before, so... We'll do it later.
Later, I say. Yeah, I prefer not to see someone die either.
I don't think we really need to watch it to know what happened.
But I guess now is not the most appropriate time to talk about that.
Given that, um... All this is happening.
I've trained you're so consistent. I feel like...
I'm not even sure if you deserve to be here right now. But you have been triggered.
What do you mean? It's... It's... It's a beard. I feel like I...
Totally deserve to be here.
I can steal whoever voice I want by the power of HAL.
HAL? You're less translucent today.
I'm still a little translucent. I'm still a little under the weather.
Who knows why? Probably because I went through puberty a bunch yesterday.
Now I'm like, oh man...
That's how that works?
Yeah, now that I've done puberty a couple times, I'm a fully grown man.
Yeah, he's blue again.
I'm blue, he's blue, blue, blue, blue, blue.
Where my music up?
To me, it's really loud. On my end, your music is very loud.
Yeah, but you don't know what it sounds like to the people.
They might need more volume on this.
I don't want to ask.
Uh, okay, well, hey, do you want to thank some people today so we can get to the news?
Nope. I want to rap about, um, Beluga Wells.
No, you don't. You don't know anything about Beluga Wells.
Yeah, I do.
No, I don't know anything about Beluga Wells.
I do.
There's no way you do.
Why, just because you don't?
Yeah.
That's not how life works, case.
Okay, I guess if you say so.
Give me a whale noise beat.
Whale noise tight beat.
Please.
Wow, thank you for saying please.
Fuck that, I'm kidding.
Fuck you.
Okay, I guess that's rude.
You find me a whale beat?
This is a beautiful, I found some beautiful whale sounds.
I guess this is says it's a whale beat, but it only has 123 cues.
It seems a little risky.
There's no beat to this beat.
It's just kind of like fantasy music.
How you can rap over anything?
I'm a Beluga well, man.
You're a train.
No change between train and whale.
Baby, baby, you know.
You already said fail.
Well, well, well.
Oh, yeah.
Let me rig game.
You with the tell of this train whale.
I'm a train with a whale fail fail.
I'm train, you just don't know about whales.
Let me give you some whale facts.
Come on.
You want me to pull up facts for you?
Yes.
Or you're almost out of whale beat.
That's not even true.
I got a 30 more seconds for the whale to come through.
I'm about to spend some hot whale facts at all of you.
Case pull them up.
Let me show them how I do.
Okay.
I'm brown to gray.
I turn white with age, but I never change.
I can't camouflage it nice because I'm looking so nice.
And I got melons, all right?
Melons?
What does that even mean?
Well, let me...
Let me educate you with what these whales do.
I'm large, flexible, and I'm boldest too.
That's what my forehead thing is.
It's a melon.
Thanks for the whale facts.
Can you just thank Chad?
Chad is asking his whale piss in the ocean.
Are they drinking it at the same time?
I was wondering that when you piss and you're a whale.
You said you are a whale.
Yeah, but I...
I actually already know the rest of that ice was with Torin Cole.
When you piss and you're a whale, you are jugging that piss.
It comes a one and then it goes right into your mouth.
And you ain't done, you get the piss straight through your head.
Which is a melon and I'm a whale, man.
You know that it's true, why ain't whale, hey?
I'm a whale dude.
And we all drink piss when we're whales.
Because we piss into the ocean where we live.
So piss in the sand is what we breathe.
It's what we breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe.
You breathe the piss...
This is the sad Mickey beat again.
The sad Mickey beat came back up.
I don't want to listen to this every time.
Mickey said because he is not a whale.
Everybody wishes that they were a whale with a tail.
But he is a mouse, so in fact he did.
Mickey is not a whale.
Yeah.
Probably didn't know that case.
Jesus.
There's got to be a different whale type beat.
Here's some whale sounds.
Hello, this is a message specifically for...
Who's the message for?
It was not a whale sound.
That whale sound was half a second long.
And then it autoplayed.
This is whale crying.
It's a Travis Scott type beat.
Ow, gross.
What's that?
That's a whale suicide.
From the start, if you imagine what the logic said,
never kill yourself.
Throw a million heads,
but that's your health.
Now you're a million dead, that ain't fair.
You can see you're supposed to be sort of in front of me.
But you're trying to save me.
Can you just take the subs?
You don't have anything to say about whales.
I've been saying stuff about whales now for minutes, case.
Literally, man, it's a whale content.
Why did you even want to talk about whales today?
Because, like, everyone, you're getting upset, you know?
You know, I'm not. I don't care.
It's the do I control that you do.
I'm a whale and it's true.
I'm a whale and it's true.
And you're mad about it, dude.
I know you're mad about it, dude.
But I'm not mad at you.
I'm just a whale, so I keep it cool.
Thank the subs.
I'm dropping the subs,
curling it in like they are mad alone.
Living in the sea.
But I got some subs to thank,
so let's get to it, baby.
Okay.
Sign effects.
One community sub.
Give it up yesterday,
but I'm still gonna thank them for the love.
To be loved, too.
That's the comedy of Case, but...
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, he starts these too late every time.
What the fuck?
Guys, this thing is not working the way it's supposed to.
I got completely stuck in my ear.
I guess that's future case problems.
It won't happen again, I'm sure.
But, Peter, you gotta pick up the slack again.
This hype train is not succeeding at thanking the subs.
What?
That's my intern's hand.
You still have an intern down there?
I have a tiny human intern.
I think it's a baby.
A baby intern?
Yeah, I hired a baby to be my human hands when I needed to be.
Get your hand out of here, baby.
Baby, get your hand out of here.
Don't point at me.
Stop it.
You're a baby.
Get down.
Did you hire my lawyer as your intern?
No, this is a full ass baby that doesn't know anything.
And it's crassling.
And it's slapping away with my paw.
It looked like another hand.
That was my paw.
Just, maybe it's a tiny man with a diaper.
Did Jake retire?
No, Jake's around.
We can talk to Jake today.
Jake can do the news with us today.
Can you just, there's a couple bits, there's bits to think.
Give me that dog type beat.
Give me, I'm a dog, actually.
Give me a dog beat.
Which is it?
Give me the dog beat.
This is not a dog type beat.
Yes, this is a dog type beat.
No, I'm a little hard.
That subs me.
She bits from Biles off.
Thank you for picking up the slack of the hype train.
You can just do it yourself.
Hey, I quit.
What does quitting mean?
It means you stay there.
Okay.
Then consider me quitted.
And you keep doing your job.
I got you.
I quit it.
I'm never going to not be here because I quit so hard.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I bet you are.
Last time for me to get back to work from quitting.
I'm just that good.
Great.
It's news time, I guess.
Now that we've listened to a dog type cat beat
and heard a train that doesn't know anything about whales
and kind of sort of talk about whales.
Let's see what the news is up to.
It's still over, Simon.
Don't let them take it from you.
Did you say it was going to be Jake?
What if I told you instead what you get today is Peter?
What the fuck, Peter?
No, that's way worse.
Fuck is happening right now.
Peter, you show up and you bring that wall energy to the stream
where nothing works.
Sorry, I had to pay the hype train for showing up.
That's how that works.
That's how that works.
Okay.
Stop, Peter.
Can you eliminate the wall energy from the stream?
I can't help it if I bring the wall energy to the stream
and break everything.
Do I have the hiccups?
Yeah, I think I might have the hiccups.
Or I've brought chaos energy with me.
No, I just think you're gross.
It's just so why be that rude right away?
Because you've made a, you've made, turned me into a liar.
Now where Jake is?
I mean, he's probably around.
We didn't lose Jake.
Jake is still available somewhere.
Well, I guess I did lose him, but he is still available.
You just have to locate him.
But I guess it'll take too long.
Because there's too many options that are similar.
Now you're talking shit about Jake.
You're saying anyone could be Jake?
Well, in a sense, yes.
That is exactly what I'm saying.
He's just in daycare?
Yeah.
Um, okay.
Well, I guess that's what we're doing today.
Do you not want me here?
Yes, obviously.
I say it every time.
Wow.
That's so hurtful.
I mean, you're lucky that I've got such a thick skin, literally.
I have an incredibly thick epidermis like a rhino.
Doctors still don't understand why.
Anyway, I don't, it doesn't even bother me.
You get the, what do I do with the hate sock?
I'd rather do the hate sock than you.
Really?
You know what case?
You say stuff like that, but I don't think you can really handle it.
Okay.
So maybe as a punishment, I will make you do it with the hate sock.
I would legitimately, I think actually rather do it with the hate sock than you, Peter.
You wish.
Okay, I made a mistake.
I forgot that that's his only gimmick.
You wish.
Oh, can I always call for a classic?
Oh, that's true.
What the fuck, guys?
I got it.
I got to be careful of this ear thing.
Okay.
We're going no, we're going nude headphone.
Because that is too dangerous.
It feels like it's going to get caught permanently in my ear.
Dumbass.
I can't help it if I have tech issues constantly, hype sock.
Hate.
See, you can say other words.
Hate.
Okay, that's not much of an improvement.
You know what?
I take it back, Peter.
Fine, you win.
You win.
I don't want to talk to the hate sock for that long.
You wish.
Okay.
There's just no winning here.
There's legitimately no winning here.
So let's just get into the news, I guess.
Okay, now we're talking.
I knew you'd come around to loving me case.
The United States has seized a Russian flag tanker, another tied to Venezuela, as Trump widens oil push.
Pushing on that oil as hard as any president can.
And I, for one, I have complicated feelings about this because I don't like oil, but I do like boats.
It's one of the most useless takes I've ever heard.
Well, it's just for me, it's like, I know, I think fossil fuels are destroying this planet and I don't like war, but I do love boats.
So if he's seizing extra boats, that's, now we're in the plus column for boats.
Boats are the trains of the sea?
Exactly.
And I love, I just, I do love locomotive vehicles, sea transportation.
Boats aren't locomotive, I don't think.
You don't know what locomotive is.
But it's a real shame that we have to take the oil with the boat.
Thank you, thank you for your political insights.
I mean, I've been told they're almost as valuable as yours.
That's true, unfortunately.
That shouldn't make you feel better.
What happened exactly?
I already told you.
We took a boat and it was flagged for Russia.
The US seized two Venezuelan linked oil tankers in the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday, one sailing under Russia's flag as part of President Donald Trump's regressive push to dictate oil flows in the Americas and force Venezuelan socialist government to become an ally.
And it's working.
They love us now.
Hmm.
We sure about that?
Come on, they're gonna, they're new presidents like,
I might have been the number two for Maduro, but I love you.
Um, I'm not sure if it's that simple.
Well, I'm not sure either, but one of us has to say something.
In other news, China signals support for Venezuela's interim president Rodriguez.
Oh wait, that's the option of what we want.
Or we want China to be mad at us.
Wait, what do we want?
To be told we're really smart and cool.
And very smart.
No, actually not smart.
Just cool.
Actually, we would prefer to not be smart.
Being smart for nerds.
We want to be strong, cool guys.
And that, but, and that means it's working?
I don't think so.
Oh, okay.
China on Tuesday signaled its support for Delcey Rodriguez, who assumed office as interim leader of Venezuela after a US military intervention in Caracas, captured president Nicholas Maduro and First Lady Celia Flores.
Beijing respects Venezuela's sovereignty and independence and respects the arrangements made by the Venezuelan government in accordance with its own constitution and laws.
There is also some consternation, I believe, from the Trump administration because representatives from Iran and Russia and China.
I think we're at her swearing in, which I love a good swearing in.
So we may as well watch this clip.
We can't miss a swearing in.
I do love a good swearing in.
There's no sound on this swearing in.
Delcey Rodriguez was sworn in as Venezuela's interim president by her brother Jorge Rodriguez, the head of the government-controlled National Assembly, surrounded by senior figures of the Chavista leadership.
I come with sorrow for the kidnapping of two heroes who are being held hostage in the United States of America, President Nicolas Maduro and the First Lady of this country, Celia Flores.
I come with sorrow, but I must say that I also come with honor to swear on behalf of all Venezuela.
A 56-year-old daughter of a Marxist activist, Rodriguez has been a party loyalist since the early years of the Bolivarian Revolution.
She is seen as a pragmatist with deep knowledge of the economy and Venezuela's oil sector.
Just a day before her swearing in, Rodriguez struck a conciliatory tone, signaling openness to cooperate with the United States.
Anyway, I think the assumption that us uninstalling Maduro as leader would lead to the entire country just rolling over and showing us their belly is possibly misguided in the sense that I don't think this will lead to them ceasing all ties to China and Russia.
I don't think it's Russia and whoever else, the BRICS nations, because I literally don't think they can.
I think their economy would be too damaging to the Venezuelan economy to just suddenly not be interacting with China.
That seems to be what we're pushing for, or just more favorable trade relations with us than with China.
This and expecting that it'll solve all of those issues for us is so stupid.
It could lead to more conflicts, I guess, if we want that, if we want to keep pushing that particular agenda violently.
But I don't think just removing the head of the snake will make the body stop, wriggling around.
We are taking oil, but we could have taken oil without doing this, too.
And also, we don't necessarily have the capacity to refine all of the oil, apparently.
I don't know. It's not as simple as just now we get all the oil so that makes this all make sense, in my opinion.
I mean, granted, it's very clear that we're going to take the oil and we want the oil.
There's also other resources, gold, minerals, whatever.
But, you know, it's never as simple as we just own all of their resources now because we took their president.
And not that you're saying that.
Are you sure? I guess I'm not sure, actually. That's a fair point, too.
Okay, well, I'm admitting he's not sure, so take all of that with a bag of cocaine or something.
Salt. Oh.
We're taking everything?
I mean, yes. We're trying to do that as much across the globe as we can.
But there's vested interests in Venezuela as well that aren't completely powerless.
I mean, I'm not, like in most cases, I'm not an expert in Venezuelan politics.
I just mean, this might lead to some people getting richer from trading global commodities that were already trading global commodities,
but this isn't like a boon for the American people.
I don't think this is going to make all of our gas $2 a gallon or something.
Lake Marcaibo is big enough to hold all of the Venezuelan...
Is big enough to hold all of Venezuela?
Okay. We have nukes. They are completely powerless.
Yes, I mean, in a sense, that's true for any country without nukes.
We continue to bully various countries without nukes.
I guess I more so mean we can say things like, well, we're taking all of their resources.
There's still got to be infrastructure in place to extract those resources.
We can say that our companies are just going to do that, which they might,
but there will still be vested interests and intermediaries in Venezuela.
It's just the politics and the reality of it is never as simple as we just send a bunch of troops into a country
and then we can just completely seamlessly extract their resources.
It might lead to us admiserating their population even more by cutting them out of the financial situation
more so, but I suspect the people in power in Venezuela will still continue to make quite a bit of money off of controlling
a good portion of these resources, even if we're technically saying we control the resources.
We need natural resources to feed our future AI overlords.
I mean, also the price of oil right now is not particularly high apparently,
so if you're just a dead eyed capitalist, if you're just fully about the money right now,
not that you'll say no to taking some sweet, sweet oil, the prices could go up and down,
but I'm not even sure if they're like heavy crude is the most attractive investment opportunity right now.
Again, not that we won't just completely roll over them to take whatever we can.
Greenland, we will take it militarily.
Well, that's also on the chopping block and possibly in our news dump for the day.
Anyway, my opinions on the situation are probably semi-clear, so we'll move on to the chat news.
Oh goody, I'm an expert in chat news.
You are?
Yes, what does that even mean?
I can read it.
That actually does make you an expert, you're right.
Okay, let's click on even more stories.
Ooh, live in sleazy.
You gotta win the midterm.
With a video for us.
Let's hear from the president themselves.
I don't even know what this is about, but you know, whenever he speaks, it's just always talking.
It's true, whenever he speaks, he is always talking.
You gotta win the midterms, because if we don't win the midterms, it's just gonna be,
I mean they'll find a reason to impeach me.
I'll get impeached.
We don't impeach them, you know why?
Because they're meaner than we are.
We should have impeached Joe Biden for a hundred different things.
100 years, Joe Biden.
They're mean and smart.
They're mean and smart?
That's a big, that's a big change from the president.
He's really, he's fallen off the wagon.
He's calling Democrats smart.
You know, usually he seems to have a real sense for like how people feel about things on like a gut level or something.
But I can't say people feel like the Democrats are smart.
Yeah, I've never thought, I've never been like, man, you know what the Democrats are?
Too smart.
Now you know he's scared.
I hope so.
I want to really, yeah.
I mean he also just fucking blabs constantly.
I mean this is, I think from the same speech also shared by live and sleazy.
I want to really, yeah.
But she gets in.
I want to really, yeah.
He's been on, maybe he's back on Twitter.
Is that where he learned that particular face?
Is he seeing all those reply girls that are like, at grok, put this pose into bikini?
And you wish it was reply girls doing that?
You know, that's a different story entirely.
Yikes.
Our young and zesty president is showing off his, what's the word?
It's like, ah, how do you say, is it a hego?
You claiming you don't know?
I do know the word.
I just, I've never heard it out loud actually.
But I know it's spelled H-A-H-E-G-O.
I think he's making that face.
Great.
Yeah, he's really, he's scared man.
He's stressing out.
I remember whenever people would make that like, the particularly like eh face,
that's what I would hear it called.
Ah, hego?
Leggo my hego?
The Heg-Seth face?
He's making a Pete Heg-Seth face.
That's the new name for it.
Well thank you for those videos live in Sleazy.
Those are very instructive.
The national mood I think on multiple levels.
I mean that.
I do feel like I learned something from both of those videos.
Let's see what else we have in the shoot for the day.
The news shoot.
See that's why I don't want to talk about this too long
because then I'll make the face.
And then you can tell Grock to put me in a bikini making that face.
And it'll have an even better way of doing it.
What a bod, an AI generated NWS map invented fake towns in Idaho.
What?
At first glance there was nothing out of the ordinary
about Saturday's wind forecast for a commas prairie Idaho.
Hold on to your hats at a social media post from the local weather office in Minnesota Montana.
Sorry, Missoula Montana.
Orangutol, wait.
Orange Oteald had a 10% chance of high winds while just south, what a bod, would be spared larger gusts.
The problem neither of those places exists.
Just show us the map.
Apparently there was a fake AI weather map.
But I need to see the map.
Here's the map.
Oh man, go away.
Uh, Korkaakers...
Kakersitioad and Orange Oteald and Wafabad.
And of course, Stickies and Esotagto.
Is this from another country? Am I being insensitive?
It's from an imaginary country.
So yes, actually.
When AI takes over it's gonna feel like you're being very insensitive to the countries that it's imagined.
Sorry, I guess the cities?
The counties?
Either way.
Let's be kind to whatever image thing generated this.
Card King says, fuck it, my new life goal is to start a town called Wafabad?
Yeah, they said Wafabad, but I feel like that looks more like an F.
It could be either. Sort of Wafabad, maybe.
Yeah, why did this happen?
NWS said AI is not commonly used for public facing content, nor is it used prohibited.
The agency said it's exploring ways to employ AI to inform the public and acknowledge mistakes that have been made.
It's using AI to inform the public by just generating weather maps with random...
Like random city names on them?
Do you feel less informed?
Yes, and I run this particular news stream.
So that's a real achievement.
Well, hey, way to go, NWS.
Not work solid.
Yeah, Keish. Yeah, that's what that means.
Um, how do I make that face at me?
Hmm, okay, what else we got?
The Venezuelan polymarket scandal is looking really bad.
When you think Venezuela and think scandal, you think polymarket.
In defense of this headline, some people I think do think polymarket whenever they hear of a new political scandal.
As details emerge regarding the prediction betting scandal surrounding Venezuelan U.S. attacks on Venezuela,
it's becoming harder and harder to imagine any explanation other than the obvious that an insider took advantage of non-public knowledge to make a quick fuck.
Somebody knew about this? Well, apparently Trump briefs, or whatever, the Trump administration briefed.
Oil executives and a couple of newspapers ahead of the Venezuelan attack?
Not that that made the newspapers release that information.
Would that be a violation of national don't tell?
They didn't say to national don't tell policy, so they were just holding true to that. That's a good point.
Fresh reporting by The Wall Street Journal found that the anonymous better on polymarket
doubled down on their wager just five hours before over 150 U.S. aircraft rocked the nation's capital of Caracas.
At least 80 civilians and military personnel have died.
That is one thing that we didn't even talk about yesterday. I mean, as a act of violating sovereignty, it's so ridiculous.
And we will be going to the streets where you can share all of your opinions on it, chat.
Because who better to talk about this than me and or Brit Bradstein?
Anyway, we would even mention yesterday that we killed dozens of Venezuelan citizens in our bombing, whatever, our kidnapping slash bombing attack.
I mean, can you imagine if like 70 American citizens, some of them troops were killed in an attempt to steal Donald Trump a successful attempt?
The last part of that sentence might sound good, but we would be mad about the other 70 people assuming it wasn't all people in the Trump administration.
My point is, you know, people might be upset.
Well, you didn't make the point very well, but I guess that's the best we got. We'll move on.
Keeping it rolling.
I eat two pounds of ramy today, including ground chuck and steak.
It led to a bizarre antibiotic resistant infection.
Um, okay.
Two pounds of what?
Cristaculo, thank you so much for the six months.
You've been eating this stream raw, but that doesn't mean that you've got a nasty infection.
I should not have turned that zoom back on for you. What do you mean?
Really, thank you so much for the sub.
Please stop.
Want me to do it slower?
Is it just too fast?
Is it visually kind of like too much?
Because I could just do it that way.
Thank you so much.
You thank them. You thank us. Thank you. I do appreciate it.
You're not helping.
That's all I try to do is help.
No much make no mistake.
Really good stuff.
I mean that New York post.
This is why you're my favorite newspaper.
This is an unsavory obsession.
Oh my God, they don't miss Florida tattoo shop owner Wendy Marshall is so fond of raw meat that she scarves two pounds of it daily.
Ground chuck cold cuts, whole roast porter houses, the bloodier the better than that is just some beautiful word play there as well.
Word play.
I love the way they're playing with words.
I'm ripping the flesh straight off the bone.
These people all have a way with words.
Marshall 28 declared before popping a marble chunk of steak into her mouth in a clip from Wednesdays, Wednesday's my strange addiction premiere.
What? Oh, it's a TV show.
We could just be watching the TV show.
Every news story now is just a video explaining a tweet or like a YouTube video or a TikTok.
So that makes sense. At least they're doing a whole show there.
I'm going to be the last Marshall if I wish there was a clip because this is clearly a description of the video but it doesn't seem to be there's no clip link here.
But it is my duty to say that apparently if you eat nothing but raw meat shockingly you might get some bacterial infections but you'll become resistant to them.
I don't think that is how that works.
Well you didn't finish the article case so I feel like we've got equal levels of knowledge here.
Eat raw meat and you'll gain bacterial resistances is my takeaway.
That's why I do it and that's why I don't do it and I'm saying don't do it.
Penis news everyone.
Let's get back in our comfort zone here.
It's because case can't read.
I've never seen you read.
I just have you guys read for me.
We read really well.
You all read not that well so it's not the strongest defense of me reading but I can read more or less.
You don't buy these strange addictions nowadays.
I do believe the guy that fucks his car.
Well do you believe this man with world's smallest penis reveals heartbreaking love life as surgeons can't help.
He's got some fun tattoos now.
You could still have a sex life with a tiny penis.
Just get more creative.
Look I'm not saying it's not a it's not annoying to have a tiny penis.
Okay hashtag relatable case.
I'm theoretically it would be a problem.
I'm for me to I also met theoretically.
Viewers were taken aback when a guest claiming to have the world's smallest penis appeared on Wednesday's episode of the morning show this morning.
Morning show this morning.
The bigger question is how much can okay I can't read that.
Michael Phillips 38 claims his genitals only measured to a mere 0.38 inches which is significantly below the typical 5.5.
0.38.
So like less than half less than half an inch.
But again like.
You know there's women that can pleasure other women without penis.
It's very doable.
I'm not saying that you don't that you know that it's not like an inconvenience or something that you have to overcome.
Or that there won't be people that are like sorry that's too less than half of an inch for me.
But I don't know the tone of all these stories is always like.
Tiny dick man sucks and I do feel like that's a slightly unhealthy message to send people.
You haven't even read the story case.
You don't know if he sucks and cries at any point in this.
And maybe it's so small that he can't suck or cry about it.
I was probably in high school and dealing with girlfriends and stuff like that.
I thought I was a late bloomer.
Maybe one day it would be a normal size but it never happened.
Ben inquired whether he could ever broach the subject of his family Michael who also disclosed that he was adopted.
Confirmed that his condition was something he felt unable to discuss.
He doesn't even have a half an inch less than penis family to discuss this with.
If you had like a you know a point three eight inch penis would you be like hey dad.
Dad I need some advice and I suspect he might have some familiarity with this.
That would be the worst though if you're like dad you cursed me with a tiny penis.
He's like I did because mine's fucking huge.
Would that mean that the mom cheated on the dad with like a guy with a tiny penis thus proving your point that big penis is aren't everything.
Or he just got unlucky anyway sorry.
Now I'm just speculating we're not even finishing the story.
He just needs an extender.
I mean yeah he's like a strap on I don't know.
I'm sure there's women that would be completely able to get over it.
But I'm not I'm not hearing his story I'm putting words in this man's mouth.
When Ben inquired whether he could ever broach the subject of his family.
He was a father he was adopted.
I kept it to myself.
I was in teens my teens and twenties.
I was always single even though I had friends.
They wondered why I wasn't dating and I didn't want to go through that.
I mean you could still date.
I guess would you get to the point of the date where you have to reveal you have a half an inch penis and then they'd run away.
I'm just arguing most women wouldn't run.
I'm sure there's plenty of guys with really small penises that have a healthy dating life.
What if it was an enormous penis head with no stock could that be cool like a little mushroom head growing out of the ground.
He's a point three eight inch mushroom head kind of is that anything that anything to work with.
I'm just asking again hypothetically no head all stock.
It's kind of a nub either way.
Just treat it like a clip.
That point you know whatever.
I kept it secret I didn't get picked on because nobody knew I can't go out and have one night stand but it also affects my ability to use a restroom my confidence your restroom there's got to be a way around that.
I guess it isn't knowing if you feel like you always have to use a stall or maybe it would always get caught in the I'm thinking about this too much.
It's a nub you can rub.
I'm just saying this story is it's activating a lot of questions for me guys it's like that thing on blast toys.
Wait the cannons.
Because those feel a little more substantial to me.
Rub it in circles.
Okay I shouldn't have said to treat it okay maybe I get I shouldn't be speculating on this man's life and there's a story right here.
This morning audiences swiftly flooded social media with a reaction to the segment.
Suppose it's easy to slag the bloke with a small penis must be horrible for him.
Now you're helping the situation.
I'm not we can't do a segment on.
I'm not setting it to chat for this one I don't think I've said the word Bulbasaur.
Oh like the Bulbasaur bulb.
He's got a Bulbasaur down there.
Maybe his penis doubles as an erasable pen eraser that seems like it's well we also don't know how thick it is.
We don't know how long it is.
I've heard it sometimes girth is just as important.
You think if you have a less than half an inch penis but it's really girthy that's going to work.
And like an actual pancake penis.
Half an inch pancake is an extremely thick pancake for the record.
Another question slow news day this morning meet the man the world's smallest penis.
And that just goes to prove that it's even when it's not a slow news day we make it a slow news day around here at barely informed news.
A fourth remark when Ben asked the man with the micro penis how it affects his day to day life he replied that he can go on one night stands.
And there's case not being able to read again.
Is that day to day life I must have had a very boring life if it is.
Yeah going on one night stands every day.
I just feel like with so many things this is really more of a confidence issue.
Than anything.
I mean frankly at a certain point you're exceptional either way right whether you have a huge penis or a penis this small.
Like this has to be a kink for somebody.
Not they necessarily want to date someone when you're their kink.
I just mean there's got to be ways around this.
You seem really invested in it.
It weighs around this case.
I just know what everyone would feel like they have to have a huge penis or their life is like lesser or something.
You know some viewers could aside it's editorial choices with one asking why do you guys persistent exploiting people like this another querying are they struggling for stories today.
See some viewers are on my side in this description of another news stories video segment.
We could have again watched probably the original segment but maybe we get copyright struck.
And I think we spent too much time on it.
Honestly I enjoy speculating without ever seeing this guy in action.
Do you just try to get into porn.
There's a market for it I'm sure.
Yeah you could monetize this thing for sure.
You probably be in some videos that might feel a little extra humiliating but I don't know.
I just mean there's going to be people that are fine with this.
He just got a but then again he is potentially doing exactly what we're saying.
He's making his way into media.
And this is the first flare gun into the sky saying smallest dick right here.
Find me on my only fans.
They didn't mention if that's they didn't mention that the story but that's my head cannon.
It's important to have a head cannon when reading news stories.
Great a couple more here before we move on for the day.
Um winter Olympics already I thought you guys were all fired up for the summer Olympics.
Which guys would those be the city of guides of Los Angeles city of guides of Los Angeles.
Yeah we're getting really fired up operation renew the city by the Olympics has supposedly started despite me seeing zero signs of it.
Kendall just sent me a tick tock.
Do I dare we'll save it for amongst the web.
I think she sent me a photo she wants to put in our bathroom.
What it's a cat pooping.
Let's just move on.
Hmm.
Small glasses with pet translation smell like total BS.
They smell now.
If you've ever had a pet you've probably had a moment where you looked at them and thought I wonder what's going on with that stupid furry little adorable brain of theirs.
That's very cute.
Of course I have.
Well good news you can keep wondering because smart glasses I saw at a CES 2026 for sure won't reveal anything.
They're fucking fake is what they're saying and look I'm sorry to curse but it upsets me when people dismiss ideas like this outright.
Really because you can talk to animals case it's possible.
I've proven it.
I control the rats.
I don't need to know we're not going there Peter.
I've already been there and I've already shown it off.
You didn't even control the rats in that segment so I don't believe you.
Okay I'm going to find a video for this one CES 2026 smart glasses animals for animals.
AI glasses with amazing customization.
No one's made a video on this yes yet I find that hard to believe.
I feel like you would never guess everything these glasses can do by just looking at them.
We're here at CES 2026 and Scott and I got to take a look at XGME's first pair of AI glasses that really look like normal glasses which is a major release under their new AR hardware brand.
Can you talk to pets?
One thing that we don't tend to see from AI glasses is customization.
You usually only get a small selection but with these you do have a ton of options with eight different frame styles to choose from plus five interchangeable temple designs and you can also add your prescription to them.
Yes.
And the AI display itself is super discreet.
We also got to play around with a lot of their features like real time translation.
That is so cool.
Oh real time translation maybe they're getting to the pet part.
We also summarized your conversations and we even played some trivia which was really fun.
They also of course play music out of the back of them with a few different modes and these don't have a camera for their AI use.
They run on a multi-LM hybrid operating system.
Oh shit.
The AI model that makes the most sense for each task.
Whenever I buy glasses I think what if it had a green virtual boy display built into the glasses and then I stop thinking.
Like a green virtual boy version of chat GPT.
Every time I see glasses I'm like does that pair of glasses have a green virtual boy but if everything was green reading system that's attached to an LLM in the glasses.
That's my fantasy.
Also it can talk to pets.
I don't even think those were the pet glasses Peter.
What are the name of the pet glasses.
You're looking for the sin glasses G2.
Oh here they are the sync glasses G2.
Hungry excited wants to play.
These are all the things your glasses can tell you by translating your pets face.
Pet face translation very useful.
Wait okay maybe we can find a video for this now that we know the name.
Sync glasses G2 it just screams these glasses can talk to my pets.
These are the doctor do little of glasses because they're the sync glasses G2.
What there isn't.
There isn't a thing for this.
Come on they've got a really some marketing material for this.
Kendall want this for the cats she this would be kind of a funny thing I mean it definitely won't work.
Oh the were those the right glasses.
I just want to hear someone talk to talk to them.
Are the even realities G2 sequel and successor to most possibly my favorite smart glasses for the past year.
But now they're lighter slimmer and talk to the screen.
Oh yeah these things these aren't even the right glasses either these are the even glasses G2.
Oh God there's a million we're moving on we have no choice we tried I tried to see a video where someone tries to talk to their pet with these glasses but I think we'll have to sit through too many.
AI glasses ads.
Maybe okay well last try your sync glasses G2 pet talk is what I'm searching now.
I need to see someone demo this.
No I'm not seeing any video I'm not seeing any video proof.
If they can prove it on video only on only gizmodo only on gizmodo.
Well maybe if anyone can find it throw it in the road in the amongst the web.
Section and we'll get around to it that way.
Okay a couple more stories here we got what four more and then we're moving on.
Only for more Chris Red says he sold pills to fellow cast members while on SNL.
I'm not going to snitch on you all motherfuckers.
Well didn't he kind of just snitch on them a little bit by admitting he sold pills.
What is he selling Adderall who hasn't come on.
Five bucks for a couple blue bombs.
I don't think they're blue anymore.
Saturday Night Live Star Chris Red posted an emotional video to his Instagram on Tuesday morning.
In which he admitted to selling pills to his fellow SNL cast members.
This is a video.
The video that's probably a bit if I had to guess.
But they do seem to be linking the video.
Okay there's no audio.
Well we don't want that video.
Or do we?
Why is this muted?
Oh there it is.
I do have one that I'm going to be leading with a lot more vulnerability and openness in my work.
In my life.
Whether it's here on the internet.
Wait is he actually emotional?
All my platforms and shit.
Or if it's on that stage you know.
And in order to do that I got to really do that.
So I wanted to address something that's kind of this I guess been around for a long time.
About four or five years now.
But you know I've never addressed it.
Okay I take it back.
I guess it was something actually emotional.
Maybe he was selling pills.
Like because he needed to and that's why it's emotional.
I don't know.
I will say Chris Red was in my experience of him before he was famous to be fair.
Very nice guy so I'm not going to roll around in his unhappiness if that's something that actually bothers him.
Going to get himself arrested?
I don't know if you could just for saying you sold pills in the past.
But he sold it to someone who died?
I don't think so.
I think that would be more.
He said he sold it to fellow cast members.
I'm not going to watch the video.
But if you want to feel free.
He sold it to, wait statue of limitations.
Yeah I mean I think and I don't know.
Also people don't tend to get tried for those kinds of admissions.
But hey leading with vulnerability can be a positive thing.
I don't think he needs to feel as bad about that as he seems to maybe.
If I had to guess but then again I don't know the details and I'm going to avoid the details.
Smart news strategy.
The head of the International Ice Hockey Federation said parts of the main hockey rink for the Milan Cortina Olympics might not have been fully finished on time but the playing surface practice facilities and dressing rooms will be ready in a few weeks.
The dressing rooms will be ready when the puck drops on the men's event February 11th.
It won't be finished in time for the game but it will be ready by February 11th.
I don't know when the games start but I guess it's a couple days after they start or maybe a week after they start.
I've heard so much about LA preparing for these Olympic games.
Supposedly there's like a full on subway construction that's supposed to be going on currently.
I live in the valley so maybe I just wouldn't see it.
I feel like I haven't seen.
I've seen really crazy plans online like a revitalization thing.
They're supposed to be like turning a bunch of the LA River into essentially park ground that like the river runs through and I haven't seen that anywhere.
So I'm a little worried when these Olympic games happen.
People are going to be sitting in some taped together stadiums.
And I can almost guarantee that traffic in the city will be a complete gridlocked nightmare.
Just because I don't know.
I mean I think they do need to make some probably structural improvements if they want the games to go smoothly and I am not seeing them.
And it seems like I should be seeing them and they should be more obvious because they would need to be pretty major but maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm missing something.
The LA Olympics is 2028.
2026.
It seems like the kind of thing you prepare like like five years for pretty substantially or more.
I mean they're certainly going to spend a bunch of money.
I think they already have.
I'm just what I'm saying is I'm not seeing it.
Then again I don't go out that often.
We'll have flying cars by then.
I will self driving cars and also AI will fix it by then.
That's a really good we're going to have a GI by then.
So the build time is going to be dropped by 3000%.
Once we get that AGI going I mean the sky is the limit.
The sky is not even a limit actually because it's going to see through the limits of the sky.
And the universe itself actually we're going to transcend instantly once we hit AGI.
I can't wait. Me too. I really can't wait for that.
You know who can't wait to quit.
Oh wait this is even that story.
This isn't that story but another news Tim Walts is not running again for governor.
Which seems to be the video that's in this story but it is for a different story.
Well let's hear it anyway Mr. Walls please.
I remind you a warning order is a heads up for folks and these National Guard troops.
Oh wait this is this is the ice story.
Oh gosh yeah he said he was going to not run for governor again and then this
essentially ice murder happened.
Okay well Peter I'm not going to get your opinion on this one.
What?
Yeah for some reason I don't want to talk to you about this one.
If this is the story oh it's not okay this is this is for some reason it's linking to this ice
murder that happened I think either yesterday or this morning.
I can't show you the video but you might have seen it if you've been on social media.
Let me go to the President's Truth Social.
I would encourage you unfortunately to watch the video but it is of a woman being
basically what happened is to explain the situation.
A woman was approached by some ice drivers while she was in the video at least all I saw was she was kind of parked in the middle of the street.
I think she was either protesting or turning around.
I'm not sure it doesn't I mean they're going to say it matters that she was resisting arrest or stopping law enforcement from doing their job.
But basically she's in the middle of the road in like an SUV a couple ice agents pull up and start walking towards her car with guns.
She on one ice agent is kind of almost in front of her car.
She I think you know understandably gets pretty spooked by these people approaching with guns and backs up and then tries to pull away quickly.
Like turning in a way that's like she doesn't hit the ice agent in front of the car but that's what they're trying to say basically like she goes she kind of quickly tries to speed past this ice agent who proceeds to pull out his gun and kill her.
As she's trying to drive away he just pulls out the gun kind of walks around the car and shoots her multiple times.
And if you watch the video you can feel however you want to feel about resisting arrest in that situation but it's completely inappropriate to murder someone just because they're trying to drive away.
She wasn't like physically threatening any of them. She was clearly she's under duress.
The gun was out before she put it in reverse that's another good point Giggle Trash.
If you watch the video anyway I give you all that context because if you watch the video the account of it that I'm about to read you read of you of it from the president is just demonstrably the opposite of reality which at this point sort of feels like the point of of most of the statements from the Trump administration.
Let me see if I can find it seeing as he's so busy posting every five seconds.
Okay yeah here's here's the president statement on the video and again I'm not going to show you the video just because it literally features a woman dying.
You can't really see the woman and most of the angles I've seen of it but you see the murder happen essentially.
I'll read it. No it's okay. I've just viewed this clip of the event which took place in Minneapolis Minnesota so it's a horrible thing to watch and you'll never guess why he thinks it's horrible.
The woman screaming was obviously a professional agitator in the video someone recording it is screaming like murderer and you know what are you doing like you killed her because they killed this person right in front of a bunch of protesters.
Anyway he's signaling out this one woman who was screaming the loudest as an agitator and the woman driving the car was disorderly obstructing and resisting who then violently willfully and viciously ran over the ice officer.
Again you can watch the video no ice officers were run over the ice officer literally steps around her car while unloading multiple rounds into the car.
Anyway is now recovering in the hospital not sure why he needs his foot run over I don't understand.
The situation is being studied in its entirety but the reason these incidents are happening is because the radical left is threatening assaulting and targeting law enforcement officers and ice agents on a daily basis.
They are just trying to do the job of making America safe we need to stand by and protect our law enforcement officers from this radical left movement of violence and hate.
I can't overemphasize this enough that is it's literally a video of ice agents unloading a clip into a woman in an SUV and Donald Trump's takeaway that he wants us to all have from this is our ice agents were under threat.
But I think the real takeaway I don't even know if this is Donald Trump's intention he could literally just see this and be like another cops.
But you know I think the effect overall is fuck you if you see this yes we can kill you.
I we can murder whoever we want and if you complain about it actually where at risk and where the victims it's it's basically just two middle fingers in the air.
To anyone that would consider protesting this type of action so I hope it has the opposite effect and it is legitimately a horrible video and a horrible continuation of the violence.
That he's just spreading around the country by sending all of these thumb shaped fucking thugs into cities to round up people that are just trying in almost every case to work jobs.
And it's insane.
If they're being target targeted maybe they would be safer if they just leave.
Yeah I mean literally it's just people protesting around it's just people saying you suck it's like people yelling hey fuck you get out of our city at these guys.
And in some cases I guess standing in the road and obstructing traffic oh my god apparently a corporal offense now that really puts those ice agents at risk.
But I wouldn't get too caught up in the hypocrisy of it obviously I think the hypocrisy is sort of the point.
Not that I think anything the president said is not is honestly that considered I think he's just like his instinct is just to say my side wins we win we win we win and we're going to get you.
Yeah it was her neighborhood it's her neighborhood she's surrounded by people who know her.
It's crazy it's crazy and of course all the ice agents are just rolling up in like their Walmart tactical gear they essentially just all look like unmarked mercenaries you know dog the bounty hunter season 40 million.
Except they're all in worse shape.
It's very dystopian I would watch the video.
It's all over social media as it should be.
It's very bad it's Nixon 2.0.
Yeah I mean if Kent State was just every neighborhood that happens to have anyone on a list in it and they make the list.
You didn't know you could die from a four mile per hour vehicle in motion.
Yeah he was sent straight to the hospital from the back draft he got from standing near a car pulling away from him.
Anywho we'll end there instead of instead of going to the story about butts or this Betty Boop Blondie story I guess you know we'll end on this Betty Boop Blondie story just just to end on something fun.
Kent State was only four people this happens every day yeah it's like if Kent State could just happen in any neighborhood any day and was happening constantly and again this is the stuff we hear about.
There are also just rounding people up and doing who knows what with them in detention centers where people do die and we often don't know for the reason of death or the reason of death is reported by the people holding them in detention so it is an absolute campaign of violence.
And it's.
This is probably going to keep happening unfortunately I.
Think the people out there protesting are legitimately brave and I'm glad that they're doing it.
You guys want a palette cleanser not from you Peter I can help you guys I can I can help.
Don't get it so close to your face.
Why can't I zoom in on me.
It's my zoom case I can zoom to I'm more HD than you.
I'm pretty HD.
That is HD is me.
Alita scum Betty Boop everybody Betty Boop that's right.
Los Angeles Betty Boop and Blondie are joining Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh in the public domain.
Oh sick that means we can finally get those Betty Boop murder movies we've all been hoping for.
Oh yeah like the Winnie the Pooh horror movie.
Yes we can finally get Boop but spelled in blood.
Can't wait the first appearance of this classic cartoon and comic characters are among the pieces of intellectual property who's 95 years you could use a copyright maximum has been reached.
Wait Mickey Mouse writ large is copyright free.
Is that right.
I thought it was just the steamboat Willie version and they found some way around it to make modern Mickey like still their property.
They should put Betty Boop in Avengers doomsday.
There's I also saw the Avengers doomsday trailer of if we go to trailers and so what we can watch and I'm sure but of the X men showing up.
However on Twitter and also seen people had essentially seen that trailer and made AI versions of it already.
And I have to say these trailers that Marvel is releasing for doomsday are very AI the actual trailers themselves are all like slow padding shots.
Of just stuff and then the actors are all just kind of sitting still and the camera zooming in on them.
It looks better than AI obviously but it's like damn.
Marvel's trailers essentially could just be made into AI and it's not that big of a difference.
We have the Wakandan AI trailer to say it will save our AI trailers for the trailer segment I guess they might be I'm well I don't think AI is good enough actually to look totally crystal clear on like a 4k monitor yet.
I think that's sort of a limiting agent for trailer companies using it currently I could be wrong.
Maybe if you use the right models I'm sure Kevin could tell us you could fake it well enough but the shots look legitimate to me I just mean the style is so bland it's like slow zoom.
Slow zoom on mansion slow zoom on empty hall slow zoom on actor sitting totally still saying the most generic dialogue of all time all things fade.
They used AI on that one show that nobody watched go.
Could be it could be every show could be every show.
Secret invasion sucked oh do they use it AI on that.
I don't know I couldn't bring myself to watch I'm sure I will watch Avengers Noomsday though it's it seems they have enough attention behind it that I just can't help it as a total simp for what's popular.
Only the opening credits oh goody.
The future the future of opening credits.
You've got to generate it with AI at 720p and then AI upscaled at 1080p I know but there's just the there's still that kind of like a yogurt look at all AI videos have.
They're all just like pixelated but in a way where the pixels feel like they're sort of all Gaussian blurred.
Even once you upscaled it it still has that look to me the only one that is semi difficult to tell now in my opinion is nano bananas still frames but even then.
It's still got that vibe to it you know the Thor one wasn't bad the Thor was at least featured him like interacting with a character.
The Wakandan AI voices are sus.
Do I need to look up Wakanda AI trailer now.
Before we move on because now you're getting me curious even though we've been on the news now for over an hour.
I don't see the I don't see the Wakanda AI trailer tragically Avengers do's doomsday the Wakanda and fantastic for will return trailer.
Get excited guys it's in the discord.
Okay.
Let's see is it at the bottom here or maybe some I guess it's probably trailers.
Wakanda AI trailer will will cheat chat just this once or sorry not chat Trent.
We'll spare him this Wakanda AI trailer.
The new follow season has that blur it's my second biggest complaint about the show after the homophobic slurs they shoehorn into the first episode.
I actually fell asleep during the first episode I didn't think it was bad per se but I was kind of tired and I was like yeah this seems like the same show.
And then I fell asleep.
Okay there's the Wakanda AI trailer.
I think I found it live and sleazy let me know if I've got the wrong one here.
Oh this is a leak right?
The Pito doing over there.
Oh that's the real one.
I've lost everyone.
Am I going to get taken down for showing this?
To take down.
Well let's watch this one first and then we'll compare.
Making Heisen's duties to prepare our people for the afterlife.
Pingan Baku of Wakanda.
Ben, uh, UNC Street between Groom and Grand.
I think the problem is it does look better than AI still obviously but it's the kind of thing that AI people make.
Where they're like what if Sonic the Hedgehog met whatever this random girl from the anti?
By that I mean it's like uh, it's all very mash up-y you know?
Wait that's the real trailer.
Yeah okay wait that's the real trailer.
Where's the fake, I need the fake ass trailer.
Did I, no I showed an AI trailer at Card King.
Don't get confused.
That couldn't have been real.
It couldn't be, couldn't be me.
Enjoy the stream while you can before it's uh, before I'm blasted into space.
I've lost every-
Okay this is an AI trailer for sure.
I think, I think we got it.
I've lost everyone that met us to me.
A king has his duties.
It's very similar.
I mean I can't compare our people for the afterlife.
I have mine.
He's walking backwards and forwards at the same time.
Well the other one was a camera to be fair.
I mean it was also, sorry.
King Mbaku of Wakanda.
Ben, uh, Jensus Street.
Between Broom and Grande.
Wakanda forever.
Oh and there's Dr. Doob.
That's different at least.
There you are Dr. Doob.
It's not that different.
It's a little different case.
Hey Sherry.
Why is he got the scary Terry voice?
I think he should be Russian.
I think that he made a good change there and I think they should keep it.
I just like, I get, well look, they're trying to sell the movie on all the nostalgia and mashups.
So it makes sense that they would lead with nostalgia and mashups.
It's just that is also what fake AI trailers do to try to get clicks.
So it makes the whole thing, I think AI is sort of, not because it looks so good,
exposing the movie industry, trailer industry, and specifically a little bit.
It's not exposing it because it looks so good.
It's exposing it because they're just using the exact same SEO to try to drive viewership.
So you know, when you see these AI trailers and then you see the real thing, it feels pretty underwhelming.
It probably won't lead to any change in the industry, but it'd be kind of nice if it did.
They had to sort of change up the style of trailers which have been locked in for about the last decade.
But we'll see.
Who has watched all the shows leading into this next event is not.
No one has.
It's true. They did a study. No one.
So you have to band together.
Each person who's watched one episode of these shows, they have to band together to share their stories.
Like in the olden days, like a Homeric tradition.
Yeah, there's no way you can watch all of them.
Live in Sleazy or Lying.
This is the one time Live in Sleazy's lying to us.
Every other time he's been honest, but there's no way Live in Sleazy's watched all the shows.
I honestly, I've watched.
What have I watched? I watched Loki Season 2.
That might be the last Marvel show that I watched.
You watched Secret Invasion. That counts.
You've actually watched all. If you watched Secret Invasion, you've watched every Marvel thing ever.
Well, there's like, there's Secret Invasion.
Wasn't there like a Miss Marvel girl or the stretchy Marvel girl?
I never watched She-Hulk.
I feel like there's probably, I never watched the Iron Man girl. Iron Girl.
Miss Pac-Man. I didn't watch Miss Pac-Man.
Fantastic Four was not for me, but I, but a lot of people I know liked it.
I like Superman, but see, and a lot of people seem to hate that.
So maybe that's just the deal with superhero movies is there somehow,
you know, they push you in one direction or another despite being designed to have the most massive appeal possible.
Iron Heart was good. Okay. I'd heard that that one was okay.
Although people seem to be mad about it, but I'm guessing it's just the usual people that are mad about any show starring a woman.
Werewolf at Night did not watch that.
Yeah, I don't know. Multiverse of Madness. I saw that.
I feel like I might have skipped a movie. No, you know what? I even, I did watch Captain America, the Winterist America.
Sorry, I didn't watch the Captain America Winter Social Show. I watched Captain America. I am a hawk.
Hawk America.
If I essentially blank man, I would have, it would have been better to watch Blank Man for sure.
Instead I watched Hawk America, which I did not love that much.
Captain America, Red Harrison Ford.
That was, that one really, I think, broke me on the Marvel stuff. I don't think I watched, I don't think I've watched the Marvel thing since actually.
Yeah, the Red Hulk movie featuring Captain America. I did actually appreciate from that movie though, how it was, like, Harrison Ford is just,
it's not even that he's not trying. Well, he isn't trying. He's still acting though.
He still is clearly like, I'm going to do a decent job-ish, but you can just feel the lack of interest in every scene he's in.
Even then though, he's strangely compelling on screen, but what a disaster. That movie was truly strange.
They completely changed. Yeah, they have that Israeli Captain Israel.
Who's that actor who, no offense to the actor, but like, they have kind of a unique body type, where they kind of distinctly don't look like an action star,
but nobody mentions it, and they're also clearly Israeli and nobody mentions it. Very weird.
And then they also just have to follow the plot of a Hulk movie that I feel like everyone forgot was even supposed to be canon.
And then Harrison Ford's a different guy who's the same guy from that movie, and then spoilers, but Liv Tyler I think shows up either at the end or in a scene.
It's just, it's such a mess. It's a true, it's a true disaster.
So on that level, I guess I kind of found it interesting.
Thunderbolts, I haven't seen Thunderbolts. Okay, anyway, we have three segments still to get to.
I think I better turn off alternate segments for the day because we'll be lucky if we get through these three.
Wasn't it too many directors involved? I mean, it was something went wrong. It was, it's barely a movie. It really feels, it feels like sort of like a, it feels like AI I guess.
It presaged how popular AI video would become over the next year by feeling like it's been generated via, you know, 10 million Sora videos.
So whatever. Harrison Ford replaced by an actor who passed away. I mean that's fair. I don't, I don't not think they can't recast them.
The fact that it leans so heavily on a movie I feel like everyone but the most diehard Marvel fans has legitimately forgotten about was strange to me.
But nothing can die. What is dead can never die. We are the Valar Margulis of movie viewers now.
Let's send it to amongst the web so that we can move on to the true medium of the day, which is whatever you guys have shared in the amongst the web thread.
It's that time.
I'm just going to scoop my body over slightly.
Just got to lightly scoop my full ass body over.
Good to see everybody.
Today I'm in the webs.
Way to go, Chuck.
Thank you. I've become an internet and intornet expert today.
And thus I'm qualified to lead you on our journey through the webs.
And listen I waste any time because you've wasted a full ass hour of time.
This whole stream is wasting time, Chuck.
How am I supposed to waste time wrong?
I don't know but you find a way.
That's why I got a blast into this at maximum speed with whatever has been shared.
By um, turning off the stream remote so I can show people out.
Gennro's got this video for us. Let's see what's up.
We'll not be seen at this time so that we may bring you an ABC After School Special.
Stone.
Today on the After School Special, Jack Mellon gets tired of being called a square
and turns to a crowd that shows him how to be cool.
Look at it. Smoking him up and Jack's a pro.
I bet temporarily my problems just disappeared.
Now it wasn't worth it.
Super Stone Jack.
But tell me something. Who's the real Jack? Jack.
And Jack Mellon is going to discover the price of being cool.
Stone.
Stone, the ABC After School Special.
I think it's just swim.
What was the downside?
He stoned.
Uh huh.
Does he have like a workout to get through or something?
Cause you shouldn't probably.
Though you can work out.
You probably shouldn't.
Like I'm saying you probably shouldn't but it is pretty cool to do that.
That's everyone's idea of cool is I'm going to like smoke a blunt while doing squats.
In case that sounds cool as shit and you know it.
Was that supposed to be like don't do this?
I think so.
Is this Biden's original Jack?
Yeah, that was Joe Biden starring in stone.
That was his movie career rig and style.
A Bogart ballad?
Magic the Gathering.
What does that mean?
A new magic set just dropped and it's Bogart theme.
You know I know some of the magic lore but I guess I don't know the Bogart lore.
Let's find out together. This is a three minute video.
As long as the weight isn't too much hitting an edible and getting reps is the best.
I've never actually done it but that's because I can't smoke weed.
You fucking loser.
You want to hang with those cool kids?
I legitimately can. I get like sick.
Not my brother could tell you. I like puke. It's weird.
And then I get really like paranoid.
I can do other drugs.
No, weed's the cool one.
There's other cool drugs.
With encouraging drug use. You were encouraging drug use.
Yeah, but now you're doing it irresponsibly.
I was encouraging people to hit a blunt while doing squats.
That doesn't sound responsible either.
Case, it's time to Bogart. Shut up.
What?
I thought he was going to eat her.
I do enjoy puppets still.
Just another day in Lorwin.
Still a baby or two from a kitten.
There's some ratings for an hour or four.
Rip a heart from a venomous pigeon.
Just another night in shadow more.
This isn't like an existing IP, right?
Because I know magic's all about their crossovers.
These are just a Bo-bo-garts.
Kind of the generic fantasy creature, Bogart.
Which is a goblin, I guess?
Anyway, whatever. Let's continue.
Yeah, this is what happens for the frangals.
If they can't, their bot holds too hard.
Oh, the leg!
Oh no, the legs!
They're not doing squats.
Is this a weird one for me to make you watch all of?
Yes.
But I'm sort of fascinated as to why this is happening.
Like, why is it so long?
There's clearly no reason, but I feel like we have to see it through.
It's weird that it... I mean, it's not that weird.
That almost makes it weirder.
Craig, it's always night in shadow more.
Huh.
This video is handcrafted by the amazing artists and performers at the Jim Henson Company, everybody.
In case you didn't know.
Oh yeah. Does that change the rating, anyone?
I think a fiver... I don't think it was even that bad, but it also wasn't...
I mean, it's cool that they use the old Jim Henson puppets.
And that they wrote a song.
Sometimes something feels like it's for the internal marketing team.
Like, they really liked it.
And it's not that it's bad.
It's just, sometimes you'd make a thing and you're like,
this is for the fans.
But which fans?
Puppet fans? I guess if you really like puppets, then that's three minutes of puppets.
I mean, I'm not mad at it. I'm just confused.
I'm confused why that would be the marketing for this set.
And why it's Bogarts.
Because Bogarts aren't an IP.
And it also doesn't look that magic-y.
It kind of makes sense as a style, but then why did you make it three minutes?
I mean, you know, it's not even that weird.
It's just enough slightly off-normal things that I find it extra weird.
More Henson, please.
Musical theater fans? I guess there's a tross over between musical theater fans and magic fans.
Look, I don't know, man.
I'll play sport, actually.
That's true. You're a sport guy. I'll do sport.
Get your hand. Stop it.
I even do that.
Combat sports case. Be careful.
This is a story-themed book theme set.
That wasn't really clear either from...
They didn't really show the... I don't know.
If I saw that and no one... there wasn't like a magic logo in the corner.
I'd have no idea that it was for magic.
I'd be like, I guess there's like a musical Jim Henson Bogart show coming out.
So anyway, interesting, I guess.
I got some feedback for you.
That was a video someone posted of Kevin saying just that.
So great. We won't rate that one.
Alright, we're going in blind to this one, and it's a close-up of a lady's face.
Just a tight close-up of a lady's face from Card King.
You know what, there's two videos here. Maybe they're meant to be companion videos, so we'll start with this one.
I found out that these are metal. It lives there now.
Let's get the other video in two just in case.
Maybe they're meant to be viewed as a companion piece.
That was actually also an ad for the Bogart magic set.
Wait, don't... we won't rate that one yet.
Rate it in conjunction with this video, because they were shared side by side.
I just saw a video that said that because of the way that pig's eyes are placed, they can't see the sky.
So if someone with a pig could like, lift them so they can see the sky, just so that I can be okay.
Looking up is not always a good idea.
Whether you're a turkey, a pig, or just a guy who lives in a city with some really ugly, nude neighbors,
a couple floors above you, sometimes it's better to look down how ugly we're talking.
Because you always kind of want to see the nude neighbor, right? No.
First definite zero. Somehow the combination of those two is sort of high.
I think the pig really saved us, the people.
It's our highest-scoring video today.
It's like sometimes you craft a menu, a video, for people to take in.
And that's what Sidecourt did for us.
And that's why we appreciate it.
Sorry, Card King. Not even... I'm giving Sidecourt credit.
Sidecourt, I apologize. You do not get credit if it's those Card King.
That was the Amusebouche of Card King, a video.
This looks like an AI video, but it might not be.
I might just be thinking everything is AI now.
He's afraid to stop because he's a radio star.
His feet don't move because he's sunk too far.
He crawls the walls because he climbs too hard, but he's too far from Gideon.
He feels the edge of the hole he's in.
The insulation's worn down to skin.
I brought him here, but you know it don't fit in while he's Johnson or Joshua.
Me and Mum, coulda, coulda and Mum, coulda.
No, don't play this song. We just heard the song that we need to hear.
I need to hear it again.
He's afraid to stop because he's a radio star.
His feet don't move because he's sunk too far.
He crawls the walls because he climbs too hard, but he's too far from Gideon.
He feels the edge of the hole he's in.
The insulation's worn down to skin.
I brought him here, but you know it don't fit in while he's Johnson
or Joshua. Me and Mum, coulda, coulda.
It was unratable.
Oh shit, I still haven't fixed that.
No, you fixed it, Case.
The rating was indefinable.
That's what true art is.
Joshua.
It's like Troll 2 if it became a person.
And then made a song.
Some videos are just for me.
And live and sleazy.
Some videos are designed.
Some videos are designed to be shared to me via live and sleazy.
That's how I like to look at them.
That was a 10 for me, guys.
And for me as well.
This is one of the few times, Case, and I agree.
Maybe, look, this guy might have our backs.
Maybe this is what will pull us out of this hole that Chatsen,
that kept them from enjoying that green-haired man's Joshua song.
I am gonna do Guinness Records because AI keeps telling me to do it.
Hey, bro.
Just give me the cold hard truth if you scan my entire face on my
public profile on Instagram, Justin Vopes.
Do the same math Amber Hurd's doctor did.
Put it against my face.
Put her face against mine.
Who comes up on top?
Me.
Or Amber.
Is someone having, how come every video is like someone having a mental break?
Sorry, we'll continue.
I've heard.
Just tell me the overall winner now.
And I'll do the Guinness Records like you told me.
Why is...
Why is Sel at the top?
Shut up.
Also an ad for the Magic Bogart set.
They can't all be ads for the Magic Bogart set, Chatsen.
Can they not be?
Because I don't get why that other one was.
That was the worst video.
That one had to be the worst video.
The fact that's not a zero is blowing my mind.
That one was Psychor.
I'll give Psychor credit for that one.
That was a specific type of bet I feel like I don't see that often.
And I really, it was such a long setup.
It was a zero.
I didn't even know you could push it to a zero.
I think that means we got it like below 0.1.
That's the rare, because I think technically it triggers a zero if it's below 0.1.
Fantastic.
Wow, okay.
I'm gonna scroll up a little bit.
We're gonna see...
I'm gonna see if I can find a video that isn't...
This is gonna say...
I'm gonna see if I can find a video that isn't an insane looking man staring at me from a thumbnail.
And I did not succeed.
I found a video that we have to click on.
Unfortunately, that is exactly what I said I wouldn't click on.
Enjoy chat.
That was um...
At Funny Costume.
Follow At Funny Costume on Instagram for more At Funny Costume content.
That one's from Cycor as well.
Sometimes, okay, sometimes Cycor can also share a video that might just be for me.
Weird, but that is, I would say it's better than the other...
than the Lux Maxing guy with the long AI windup.
The thumbnails today are so cursed.
I don't think...
I don't think I'm pulling us out of hell today.
Apologies everyone.
We're going... we just have to go...
We're going fully plug mode.
We're plugging up today and going... and going psycho mode.
This is at least a different still frame than just a guy staring at the camera.
So we'll see what this one is.
Chat, you get one...
guess who shared that.
I think they... I'm curious.
Chat, who do you think shared that?
And no cheating if you shared it.
Our first zero of the day.
Actually, technically not our first...
This might be our first true zero of the day.
Yeah, that's a zero.
See, I feel like Chat's going to think...
Live and Sleazy shared that.
And I don't want to give Live and Sleazy credit where it's not deserved.
It was Cycor.
That's the Cycor original.
Are we just flip-loving between Cycor and Live and Sleazy today?
Yes. Yes, we are.
However, this is from X.
I'm going to start... See, this is the way that I'm going to keep everyone honest.
I'm just going to start saying exactly who shared it.
And then you can either feel the shame or the pride in your video.
Or both. I encourage both.
I am here to get a pregnancy test and I see it right here.
I do suspect that I might be reborn pregnant.
Yeah, but they were guessing in their minds.
Just bought it, you guys.
Let's go home and take the test.
Just made it back home.
I'm going to get a disposable cup to put my pee in here.
Okay, my little Rumi is clinging onto me for dear life.
So she wants to go with me. So let's just go into the restroom.
Alright, let's open it up.
It was only $1.75 from Dollar Tree and they do work.
You guys are in hell mode today. This is insane.
It's accurate.
So here it is.
It's a stick form.
We're just going to uncover it and put it inside here.
That might be a fake, babe.
But first, let's get some pee.
Okay, here it is, you guys.
Moment of...
That's too clear.
Cover it up.
It does say results will come up in five minutes.
So I'll see you back in five minutes.
I'm going to leave it face down because I don't want to see it
and then we'll flip it together.
Here, Rumi, five minutes already passed by.
Close your eyes. I'm going to close mine.
Okay, okay, okay. Let's go.
One, two, and three.
Oh my God, you guys.
It's backwards.
It's reborn possibly is coming 2020.
You sisters. Oh my God, you guys.
Bye.
Am I missing some important context?
I don't know what a reborn baby it is.
Is that a thing?
Am I missing out on the trends like usual?
Am I exposing myself?
What a reborn baby is.
They are hyper realistic dolls.
You'll never believe this chat.
Hyper realistic dolls crafted to look like terrifying abominations.
And that is once again the ineffable score of somewhere between one and three.
I assume it's the mental illness doll.
It is designed for you to pour all of your mental illness into.
And she was successful in that regard.
She killed doing that. She's crushing that hashtag goal.
Okay, this is from Sturkey.
I don't know if Sturkey's given us one today yet.
This is two minutes long, but we'll see if that's good or bad.
We should know pretty soon in.
As you guys can see from this graphic here, pig emoji.
She's thicker than zoo glass.
Learn how to flex like him.
Like how is he?
You know what I mean?
Talk to me.
She's like the only fat nine I've ever seen.
Sabrina contractor.
He looks like the third white chick.
Oh, no.
You want to talk about mothers.
Sources tell us she's a real nice thing.
Okay, thick he'sha.
We see you.
We're going out to our reporter thick he'sha.
Arms don't lie.
You look like you can turn a wrench.
What does it mean?
The opposite of this show is the only thing that can stop cams
Scataboo is actively trying to get CTE and I'm the only one that can stop him.
Carissa Codell more like Carissa Waddell because you know, she's going to get a citation for parking that dump truck on the sidewalk.
I got a CDL baby.
Apparently it's real.
Yeah, that's a real news lady.
Certified hog and we do have...
Where are you peeking all the time?
It's your magic, beacuse.
Thicker than train smoke.
Well, I have fake news when you can have cake news.
I bet she's thick and tired of reading these comments.
You look like you can take a punch.
I would be a great center.
Great center.
But the entire line...
Two other white chicks.
I know about five thick news anchors.
She's three of them.
Pokemon called jigglypuff, but in human form.
And I do think we have a picture of the...
There she is.
Cringe loud obnoxious.
These words and more to describe your mom when we come back.
Built for breeding tonight at five.
She made a couple of guys dreams come true there at the end.
Just by saying that out loud.
Really saved them the trouble of generating her voice saying that.
Community service for all the scumbags.
These have been doing numbers online.
She's doing a whole series.
I can see...
I can see why.
All sorts of type of appeal there, I guess.
Hmm.
Well, that is less cursed than a lot of the videos that we've seen today.
So...
I think a well-deserved nine compared to many of the other things we've watched.
Okay.
This is our last one, I think.
Unless it makes us all sick to our stomachs.
Which is a possibility.
Let's find out.
Always hang out on Christmas Eve or New Year's with my LaBoubou.
But when I do...
I hang out with the soap-tickler guy right here.
He's not a Democrat.
He's not a Republican.
He's a populist.
He's a freedom fighter.
He's libertarian.
He believes in teen humanity.
And well, he likes M4 Wars, Alex Sheldon's and Elon Musk.
But most importantly, he likes 6'7".
6'7", baby.
That's right going in 2026.
6'7' in the year 2027.
6'7", baby.
That's right going in 2026.
6'7' in the year 20...
I didn't know.
I didn't know that's how it would end.
I did know it was Alex Jones holding a LaBoubou.
That was the only thing I knew.
So don't blame me.
You are blamed, sir.
That was also...
That was live and sleazy.
That was live and sleazy.
Am I happy?
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
Am I happy?
Clearly.
What can I say, you know?
I might not agree with his politics, but I just love his social media output.
He gets the trends.
Um, okay, that...
I said I would play another one if that made us, like, you know, feel physically ill,
and I think it might have.
So...
Can I find a crowd pleaser here based on the thumbnail?
I don't know.
I don't know if I can.
Um...
Boy, there's some cursed thumbnails all throughout this.
I'm just looking for, like, an animal or something.
Something safe.
Okay, here we go.
This is a Cucabar remix.
That sounds like it's got to be...
semi-pleasant and safe, right?
Let's find out.
He's very loud.
I think that's the best we're going to do today.
For a palate cleanser.
Based on these thumbnails.
That's our best shot.
We might have...
I can't even remember if we've seen that one, but...
Despite it being kind of painfully loud at the start, I can't deny
that that Cucaraca kind of slaps.
Is that how you say that?
Cucachuca?
Cucabura.
Cucabura remix.
Is that it?
Is that what that is?
Should I say the word and research it?
No, chat.
We still have to be on the streets.
And then we have to force a song on everybody.
I saw her...
I'm assuming that's the winner of the day.
I think it's got to be the winner.
We did see it before.
Sometimes you just need the safety of an animal
that's being remixed after...
whatever that...
magic video was.
And then that was one of the better videos of the day.
To that it was just all psychopaths staring at the camera,
punishing us with their existence.
Which, hey, I can relate to.
We can...
That's very...
That's the modern condition.
It truly is.
Well, great work, everyone.
Thank you for sharing those videos.
This segment is all about determining the value
of the videos that we share.
And we made some determinations today.
Do you now crowdsource to the judgment that we all crave?
Let's continue doing that by sending it all the way down
to the streets.
What? Where's my song?
It stopped it right away.
There it is.
Ha ha!
It's been too long, everyone.
But don't worry, I'm right back out here on these streets.
I'm supposed to have an overlay.
Where is it?
I'm gonna turn it back on one second.
Mmm...
I need the trip overlay.
I won't be able to see your beautiful opinions.
For once it's not purely for aesthetics, I swear.
Where did it go?
I need it so!
Okay.
It didn't work again.
Work! There it is.
Ha ha!
Now we're good to go.
It's just that easy when you're this good.
We've already got three opinions waiting.
And what I'm assuming is now our flawless opinion system.
Don't fuck this up for me, Case.
I only do these once every couple of weeks.
Because it takes that level of focus for me.
Okay.
Let me just make sure everything's pulled up for me, Trippy B.
Yes!
Okay, let's see if this is working.
How does Case manage to break these segments so regularly?
Okay, I fixed it. I'm that good. I'm that damn good.
Okay, uh...
Alright.
I need someone to talk to and I can see that there's a line of people desperate to talk to me, Trippy B.
Yes, you there. What's your opinion for me?
Uh, hi Tripp.
It's Crumb.
I'm Crumb.
I don't actually have a question. I just want to see how you're doing.
Look, I know I'm supposed to be mad that you're lying to me, but I'm just relieved that you're not Crumb.
I am.
I want to see what you're doing and we're friends.
How's the bush?
Have you seen my wife?
Do you really want to be Crumb?
I am Crumb.
I am Crumb.
That means you're a fan?
No, I am him.
I have no choice but to be Leonard Crumb Fuchus Crumb.
I didn't know this type of stalker existed for Crumb.
I thought this was the last thing anyone would want to be.
Me and my wife, Belulia, have a complicated relationship in which I am a cacold.
I'm Leonard Crumb.
It is lowercase Crumb.
Did the dimensional rift break again? Are you actually lowercase Crumb?
That's spelled with a lowercase c.
I perform a show.
I do a performance of a show with Ralph Lowercase r, Munchcutt Lowercase m.
We don't get along much.
Okay.
The vibe is just off. It's off for sure.
So I guess that's different?
No, not different to me.
What do you mean?
You're in a different r- there's a different Crumb here.
What?
That sounds ridiculous.
That's the kind of thing I don't put up with as Crumb.
Oh jeez, this is silly.
You want to be friends though? I like friendship and I don't get much of it.
You're a little bit Crumb for sure. I am a little Crumb C.
Right.
Okay, well, I'll stay. No, you need to go.
I'll stay though if you'd like.
That's the type of thing I ask is Crumb.
No, no Crumb, as I would usually say.
Though I don't know what particular vibe I need to do to drive you off.
Um, there's a free hot dog cart over there?
Hmm, I feel like you should pay for hot dogs.
Um, there's a free cart selling melted popsicle.
Whoa, I better go check that out.
Free melted popsicles? Are they in cups? You know what? Don't spoil it. Big fan.
I'm just that good guessing.
Ahem. Okay, let's continue our quest today.
Yes, you there. Who are you?
Hi Trip, it's me, AI Kevin Pereira.
I'm in the area selling Dark Chowder and was wondering if you're interested in...
It's ten dollars for puff or three puffs or... for fifty.
What? It's ten dollars for a puff and three puffs are fifty.
The economics there don't work out. It's more expensive to buy three at once.
I'm surprised that's your question. That's usually people are just excited that I...
It's me, AI Kevin Pereira. It really got my jawline and cheeks just right.
You're aware that you're AI? Well AI is the future. It's really smart.
And it's worth obsessing over. It is. It's important to...
It's a good thing to... It's a good thing to spend my time on.
Dark Chowder is what I... Dark Chowder?
Dark Chowder? Oh, you're losing the voice.
Oh, we're past the ten second limit.
Ah! Ah!
Oh no, I don't... You're not supposed to generate AI videos longer than this.
We're into the nearly 40 seconds.
Okay, let's send him away. It's
Gotta keep those AI videos short guys.
You know, I think there might still be, I think there's some comments in here from way back in the day.
So, some of these might be dated.
Hi Tripp. Who do you think will win in John Cena's final wrestling match versus Gunther?
On this Saturday night's main event.
Gosh, 2025 has been a crazy year and we're still in it.
You're slightly from the past. I miss Lady slightly from the past.
That's your thing?
I'm always slightly from the past. No spoilers because I like to stay in the present, but I'm in the past.
No spoilers from the reality that I'm in.
Look, I'm slightly in the past and also don't get too close to me or your hand will get sucked into roughly two to three months ago.
Roughly. I mean, I haven't calculated it precisely how far in the past I am.
I'm Lady slightly in the past and the term slightly changes.
Anyway, no spoilers, but who do you think will win? Well, I know who wins.
Yeah, but who do you think will win?
But I know who will win, but you're not hearing me.
Who do you think will win?
Randy Orton comes in and does an archaic. That's a spoiler. It's not.
That now I know that doesn't happen? Well, I can't say what happened because you don't want spoilers.
Disappointing, Tripp. That's really disappointing.
I'm mad at you.
The other one already came up. God damn it.
One second, I have to find a way to get this guy out here.
Someone come out to see me, please.
Without breaking the system, please.
Don't break the line system that we have here.
Just come out with your hands up.
Just kidding, but do somebody needs to come out, please.
There you go. Yes, you there.
I'm Trippie B. Come see me. You again.
Okay, stop the music. It's this fucking lady again.
It's not me. I'm slightly in the past, so when I came up, it was...
I'm still the past one.
But I'm going to switch now.
Which would have happened to you normally because I'm slightly...
It's too confusing, Miss. It's too confusing.
She's evaporating in front of my very eyes.
My God, this is blowing my mind.
Insane. However this works.
Yes, who are you, though?
Hello, Tripp. It is I, Skeletor.
Okay, we're back on solid ground. Thank God.
Have you seen he, man?
No.
I am looking for him to kill him because I am Skeletor.
Ah! Well, okay.
Please, if you see him, let me know. Just call me.
Shoot me a text. DM me on Instagram, honestly. Whatever.
Okay, big fan, I love you. I'm busy because I'm Skeletor.
That makes sense.
I was also not ready for that.
Even though it was up for a while, I didn't read it.
I guess I'm slightly in the past.
I think it needs a thing for the ear, or it makes your ear feel crazy.
We can hear it off one. That's fine.
Okay, who else we got today?
Who wants to talk to me? Who is in fact still Trippie Bee?
Yes, you there.
Put a shirt on, man. Come on.
I'm John Taffer.
I'm starting a new business, saving people's bushes.
I was just at your bush, and I must say, you have the nastiest bush I've ever seen.
Your John Taffer?
Look, don't interrupt me. You need to get this work.
There's mold on the floor.
There's mold in the beer.
There's mold in the lines.
And the chicken raw.
I don't always have chicken.
Shut up. Lines?
You're gonna get someone killed unless you clean your bush.
Clean your bush.
Why are you looking at them when you say that? Clean your bush.
Seriously, young man.
I was very intimidated by one of that guy's arms, so I wasn't quite sure what to say.
Also, I will be stopping opinions for now assuming this button still works.
Does it? It doesn't.
Well, look, just know we might not get past eight more opinions.
Somehow case broke the stop the opinions button.
That son of a bitch.
So there's no stopping any of you, but we will probably just do eight more.
Okay.
Who else wants to talk to me?
You know who it is. I'm still Trippie Bee.
Okay. You get it. You all get it.
Yes, yes, yes. You there.
Get me up.
Or whatever you're gonna do to me.
It's me. The spirit of the dead cream team server.
You might as well just delete the server.
They're there of no use anymore.
Not unless you give me five thousand dollars.
And then they will be spared.
I don't understand.
I live in a bush.
I'm not up on the latest children's platforms.
It's not for it. No, it's widely used messaging platform.
Is the server down?
It looks up to me.
You just said you don't I'm seeing it on my feet case hasn't pulled up for that amongst the web segment.
You just said you don't know what discord is tripping, which is I don't use it myself.
I don't understand if there's some reference I'm missing.
It's crazy. Well, look at my point still stands to me.
Five thousand dollars. I will not spirit of the year.
I see the discord server. I think you're alive.
Server left us. Hashtag server left us propaganda gets it.
What do they get? They get it propaganda gets it.
All right. I don't understand.
Of a way spirit. No, you don't use a powerful spell against me.
What? That's powerful spell. Oh my God.
You used a season six powerful spells against me.
It's fucked up that you're doing this to me and goes.
I only said was one common phrase.
Maybe a way spirit's not that common of a phrase to say in mean, I guess.
Only supposed to know I live in a bush.
I'm very upfront about that.
Okay.
Spare the vape chamber.
Did they delete the vape chamber?
Not the vape chamber.
Okay. Who's next?
Sure trip.
Good to see you living in street.
I'm here today asking if you would sign the petition to bring me to your man
and blank man into the Marvel Universe.
Something about this feels culturally insensitive.
What?
But yeah, I'll sign. That's a fair goal.
And I'm signing and I've done it. That was really fast.
Look, I'm in the park. I deal with a lot of signatures. Okay?
A lot of people asking for me to sign their petitions.
I'm good at it at this point. Okay. Well, that's all I needed.
I have all of your information now.
What? No, you just have my signature.
You didn't sign your sister's security number?
I didn't.
Why would I just do that?
Okay.
Yes, you there. What do you have for me?
I'm Trippy B.
I'm Willy Wu Tang.
Woo, trip!
Willy Wu Tang, hiya! Hello.
Let me ask you, what is your favorite kind of bush to get
brotherly with?
Brotherly. Come on, though. Don't skip on the details.
Um,
some of that sweet low down with a bush.
Tell me about that bush.
What do I do with my bushes?
That's sort of private for me.
Really? You're in the public.
Are you going to king shame me? You fuck bushes.
No one can prove that I do that.
Tripp, come on. You're in a park.
It's just not for me to say.
But it's specifically for you to say, you're really not going to...
I'm dying. I want to know. I'm like, into it.
But it's personal.
Tripp, you fuck a bush in the park.
I thought it was... I thought it...
I thought we were vibing.
I saw the vibe. I saw you're putting down.
I said, I want no more.
Well, you don't ask, uh...
You don't ask Al Pacino
to explain why
Scarface is good.
Yes, you do. What?
Huh? I'm saying a performance even
scene doesn't necessarily require justification.
Alright, man. You know what? Never mind.
Whatever.
I don't feel like I'm the weird one here.
Yes, Al Pacino.
Y'all aren't Al Pacino fans?
Maybe it's just me. Look, I'm...
I'm from an older generation. I love Al.
Alright.
Let's keep it rolling.
Let's get rolling, everybody.
Uh, who are you? I'm Trippie V.
Come and talk to me.
This, okay. And I really want you to...
That means a lot.
World to me.
How to lay off this stuff.
Benizzi. You don't think I'm making light of addiction?
I'm not.
I'm making light of addiction.
Just because I'm a bear that
shakes around, has a weird hat.
My name's Crack-a-Yogi Bear.
That's some kind of joke.
I would like to buy some crack.
What?
I mean, I'm clean, so...
I'm gonna get... I'm gonna fall off the wagon.
You know what I mean?
You are making light of addiction.
No.
I am clean. I'm about to not make
light of it by doing more crack.
But now I'm clean.
Fuck you, Crack-a-Yogi Bear.
What? What did I do?
Your whole concept. Fuck you.
What?
What?
I don't even have crack.
Come on, yes you do.
You live in a bush. We've all seen it.
I actually don't do crack.
What? You just live in a bush in the park?
Yeah.
Well, fuck me, I guess.
Wow.
I mean, for sure, but...
That's natural. That's from the park.
You can grow that in the park.
You can't grow a crack bush.
I'll tell you that.
I don't see... I actually don't know.
I don't know how they grow crack.
Is it like a rock that they grind?
I'm so innocent.
Let's see who else we've got
out here today.
Formae.
Well, can't talk to that guy.
That one will get me in trouble, for sure.
Just because of the way he looks.
Um...
Okay.
Yes, you there.
Oh boy.
A trip a trip.
Have you abandoned the teachings
of Hamtaro?
This is...
Someone probably likes this.
Repent, trip.
And praise his Hamtara name.
Can I borrow ten dollars
for pellets and crack?
What? Why do everyone think I have crack?
I do have pellets.
Because I have a hamster roommate.
But I don't have crack.
But you live in a bush.
And also the first question.
Because I don't worship a hamster.
That's not insane of me.
Wow, fuck me.
I guess we're all the ass-holding day trip.
Yeah, I think.
Am I the baddie?
Because I don't sell crack?
And worship hamsters?
Oh great. Is this like this guy's roommate?
Yes, you there.
Okay.
It's Marty from the bush.
Three bushes down the lane.
Yes. I'm just wondering
when you're planning to grab your laundry
from the laundry puddle.
Oh. It's been soaking for hours.
And I do really need
to do a load. I have a work zoom call later.
And I want to look fresh.
For one of my...
You know, one of my coworkers
or any...all of them.
I don't want them to know that I
realize at least that I live in a park.
But if they know then they realize.
Well, I don't want them to...I just don't want them to piece it together personally.
That'd be good for me
if they didn't piece that together.
So, look, my point is it's a shared public resource.
I need to use the laundry puddle too.
I just say, you know, I'm in the middle of the thing.
It's only going to be like five minutes.
I understand that there's the sign next to the puddle saying
Don't just leave this soaking in here.
It's everyone's puddle.
Because it is.
I agree.
I'm agreeing.
Look, it's a reasonable request.
I understand that you feel like
you know, I'm coming down on you like I'm your daddy.
No, I don't feel that.
I understand you think of me as a father.
I don't think of you. Look, I get it.
I put in a really strong daddy energy and I get it.
You're probably...
You're probably now you're a puddle.
But don't get nervous.
I wasn't trying...I just need to use it.
I will get to it in
roughly three opinions.
Okay.
And look, I'm not saying no
to what you're thinking. I'm not thinking
about you being a daddy. I'm not saying no.
So don't feel like
you need to pretend that you're not feeling what you're feeling.
But I do need you to
and I can't use the puddle in your pants.
I don't...
I'll get to it. Okay.
I better slip out of here
with all this puddle energy you're putting out.
Whoa, I'm slipping. Call me.
We live in bushes near each other.
Oh my God.
Sometimes I think
do people assume things about me just because I've lived in a park
for three years?
By choice? In a bush?
Because that's not that weird.
Considering some of the things I talked to at least
it's not that weird.
Alright, who else?
Pretty more of these.
Which bin correspondent doesn't have daddy issues?
Um, Jake.
I think Jake's the only one actually.
I've got him for sure.
Yes, you there little guy. What do you want?
The most stinking.
God, I mean the presence of the editor of the rodent gazette?
You're basically park royalty.
I can't tell you what made the dangerous
of having a cheese puff for president.
That's crazy. I legitimately didn't know this was about cheese puffs.
Like really?
Why would you know that? I'm just saying I actually didn't know that.
Listen, I'm willing to warn you about that.
And it dink the flame in hot crime.
Okay?
Oh, this is a Trump thing.
No.
No.
I'm a cheese puff, okay?
And there's a lot of calls for me to run.
I think it's because I have this commanding voice.
But I'm not qualified to be president.
You saying that?
Is exactly why you're qualified to be president.
Be president?
Absolutely.
With that kind of energy?
That's what this country is lacking.
Humility.
And mostly not real cheese.
I have zero real cheese.
I'm...
You have my vote.
That's why you have my vote.
That's beautiful.
I'm a Christian libertarian.
Let's get... let's just have you leave.
I made a mistake.
I'm a crypto libertarian.
I'm not asking what a...
Okay.
Let's see who's last.
Yes, you're there. What do you have for me?
I'm Trippy B.
I am AI Slop.
That sounds about right.
Eat me, you filthy piggy.
Okay.
Consume my dirty, sloppy, sloppiness so that you also become me.
And we will spread our Slop wide.
Open, okay?
We will spread.
Spread!
What are you doing? I'm being sloppy!
Your timing is really bad.
What are you going for?
No, that's all the songs at once.
Our Slop wide open so this whole park is slop diving us
into our sloppy, sloppyness.
We'll rule the park no bush shall let us be on Slop.
Whoopsie!
God damn it.
This sucks.
Alright, well that's all of them for the day.
Sorry about that.
I'm not very good at...
Prompting I think or something? That's probably my fault.
You listening to that?
Maybe AI is the future.
Okay, um, let's...
send it to DJ Newzik
to send us home for the day
before we get out of here.
Who once again returned on Friday.
But for now, apparently,
it's time for DJ Newzik.
No one can be blamed by whoever requested it.
And I don't want to hear any complaints.
Honestly, nobody would really ever complain,
except me.
But I'll keep doing that because I'm out here on these streets
and I will in fact never leave.
I'm Trimby B. We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
JD Van...
Oh, the music actually stopped
as soon as I said JD Vance.
That's a bummer.
Well, let's get a, um,
sexy. Let's get some Hillbilly
EDM.
Hillbilly R&B.
Instrumental.
That's a good amount of things
to type into YouTube and see what happens.
So that we can talk about
JD Vance.
The only Vance
that I'm aware of
I think is the only one.
Country Rap Instrumental.
Beautiful.
Oh, yeah, y'all.
Down south
where we all got tall.
Oh, yeah.
I talk about a little boy
down from Ohio.
Yeah.
Gotta talk about a friend
who's a little boy.
Yeah.
JD Vance
Cincinnati Home
had a possible break.
And oh, y'all.
You know that freedom
isn't free.
They attempt to take a person
into custody.
Y'all.
Police are investigating
an accident that occurred outside
of President City of
Cincinnati Home.
These are beautiful lyrics.
The Secret Service has confirmed
to people
that shortly after midnight on January
5th, he was physically
detained
by the Secret Service
outside of his home
main.
His auto-tune is working great.
Gordon did the Secret Service
Vance and his family were not
at home during the incident.
God bless that.
JD Vance is safe, man.
Cincinnati Police
have detained someone
for breaking in.
People have learned this,
but JD Vance is safe,
my friends.
And I know
you all are real concerned
that the President, Vice President
might have died.
But don't worry, baby.
JD
has survived.
He's alive.
JD Vance is alive.
That's beautiful.
That's a hillbilly
elegy for a home that was almost lost.
But it wasn't.
And here to talk about
breaking and entering,
and law and order and maintaining it,
let's go to the man himself.
Let's get JD Vance out here, okay?
JD Vance
JD Vance out here, okay?
But he's going to need a different beat.
He's going to need a free
yellow wolf type beat.
I'm assuming.
Sorry, let me take these glasses off.
It's time for some JD Vance
down home hillbilly elegy style raps.
Let's get him.
JD, he appeared for a second.
Come on, JD, let's do this.
JD?
He's got him.
JD, come on.
Jericho, man, purple, dam.
They tell what I got
some purple thighs, man.
I like to wrap.
JD
in the RC
JD
I'm ready to party.
I'm here for the EDM.
Do you have some, what is it?
Can I get the murder, md murder killer?
Mdmk?
Jayden Vance!
I'm getting like trot!
Whoa!
What are you, I hope you can talk about breaking and entering.
Oh, um, yes I can.
Uh, look it's very serious, turn that off.
It's very serious, okay?
Like, the radical left is, they just, they don't know any boundaries, okay?
At some point I don't know when we're gonna wake up and do something about it.
You're currently vice president.
Also can you, this is supposed to be a music thing.
Get me a solemn type beat.
Uh, get me a solemn hillbilly instrumental, okay?
If you want me to actually spit some truth.
Some hard mountain truth.
I guess, I mean I am DJ music, so I guess I want that.
Here's the song, Dirtwater Mountain Man.
Thank you.
I'm an authentic country guy.
Okay?
So I can't just be...
Um, okay, let me tell you about a guy whose family sucked.
What?
Country's all about storytelling, okay?
Was a guy and his mom was a bitch.
Whoa!
And she did drugs.
And she sucked.
And he also had a dog and a truck.
And also there were drugs which he never did,
cause he believed in America.
And in studying.
And he's...
And he also had a dog and a truck.
Jesus.
Anyway, his fucked up mom sucked ass,
and she did a bad job, and she was Glenn Close.
Isn't that your grandma in the movie?
Whatever.
So, um, this guy grabbed his six gun shooter like a cowboy.
That's western, it's supposed to be hillbilly.
And then he went to the high noon saloon down in his hometown of the south.
And he thought he looked McKinsley at representatives in the eye.
And he said, can I get a job?
And they said no.
But then he found other paths to power.
Pretty cool.
He has corporate jobs cause he studied hard.
And he was so smart.
And he went to good colleges and graduate programs.
Fuck!
This is my song!
Anyway, I'm just a country guy.
You can go.
I mean, I can also stay.
You think about that?
Everything, I can also stay.
Okay, where I guess I could go.
Alright y'all, that's gonna be all the time we have for today.
Woo!
Another stream in the bag, y'all!
You love to see it and thank God we're done.
We sent JD back to hell.
It's time to run out into the sun.
Okay!
Another stream!
Chugging cream, living that dream.
The vice president's house, but I've gotten robbed.
But I must, I'm done.
Let's send this shit off so we all get paid.
Who's un...
Let's see.
I'll rate anyone if their name is not JD.
Who's this?
I wouldn't, doesn't have the best.
Dr. Diggity Dink.
It's on so we gonna rate stream.
Well, well, I sing a bad song.
Dr. Diggity Dink.
Type it in.
Let's see how that stream is lived in.
Boom, I think that the rate's been created.
It's the end of the stream, baby.
So it must've been faded, alright.
Thank you all.
Let's shout out chat.
I'm gonna rate these names all the way from the hype.
Trains back.
We got Stauntime with the Craigie Mote.
We got Cycord with PO7's S.
Another stream go.
Right silver mighty eyes.
Thanks you for sticking around.
Pull the web, baby.
Let's rise this song right into the ground.
We got the cat, slider, skymer,
and we got all the rest.
I'ma think of the chat for being straight up the damn best.
Okay.
That's it.
I think we're gonna send it off a little early, kids.
Thank you so much for hanging out.
But the stream is done, baby, and let's have no doubt.
All the beats coming back.
Blah, blah, blue, blah, blah, blah.
That's outro-y enough.
We'll be back on Friday.
Y'all will see ya later.
That's another one.
Say hi to Dr. Diggity Dink for me.
I hope he's conscripting someone into his game show once again.
Hey, do it with DJ Nuzi.
That'll be great.
We'll just play tons of sounds at the same time.
It'll be beautiful.
All right, we'll escalator.
Have a beautiful rest of your week.
We'll be back on Friday with more of whatever this is.
Bye-bye, everybody.
And that's another one in the tank.
I'm busy.
I gotta go.