I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said test test why am I not talking out of my Big Mash potato hole.
Listen up Jack, I'm the spot just Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
He comes in for a second attack every time.
Hello everyone, good to see you all.
Hope you can hear me, I changed some audio settings so who knows what that'll do to things.
We're back, I got sick and I didn't want to spread it to you chat so I bravely didn't stream for you.
You're shocked but I didn't stream for several days.
It's not like me I know.
I didn't notice, didn't even think about it.
Okay, fine.
That's fine.
Hype Train are you doing stuff?
Um, um, uh, uh, yes.
Yes I am, Case.
Looking as good as ever you might have noticed.
Is everything seem fine?
Is everything seem fine?
Well you're still kind of in ghost mode, what's up with that?
I don't know.
I don't believe to know that.
I'm fine.
Why are you translucent?
I don't believe to know this kind of stuff.
Yeah you're looking pale and translucent.
So thank you.
That it wasn't a compliment.
No that's good.
That's good when I look like that.
I guess I have to thank you all for bringing me back.
Are you, are you sick?
No, play the healthy, play a healthy type trap beat.
Play me a healthy trap beat, Case.
Burn off your music.
And play me a healthy type trap beat.
Kendall's here.
Kendall's still sick.
I'm actually still a little sick too.
We also have to watch Kendall's, she had a podcast appearance.
So to cheer her up we'll watch her podcast appearance.
Hey you look great.
You look totally, barely sick.
Not COVID, it's not influenza.
I took a panel test and it's not strep throat.
She's, she's been in rough shapes.
I hear her coughs of agony ringing throughout the studio all day.
Is Kendall really 78 years old?
Yeah.
She looks great.
I listen to my shower and stuff.
What's that?
I listen to my shower and stuff.
Oh she does listen to like old jazz and stuff?
Like old jazz.
And that and Wicked.
So that's what 78 year olds are into.
How can I not listen to Wicked?
The second we listen to that.
That's true.
Kendall where is your, um,
The Waffle Press Podcast.
The Waffle Press Podcast.
We gotta check it out.
The Waffle Press.
Waffle type music.
Waffle, Waffle Press Podcast.
Do they make waffles?
You guys will definitely be fun about case.
Sometimes I've, I've learned,
I've learned about case and timeline of his own head.
So be like I'm about to start streaming and I go great.
And then he doesn't for like another three hours.
When he says he's about to start doing something
just expect that in three hours.
Well what Kendall doesn't realize is I was adjusting something
that took a full 60 plus minutes to fix.
That happens like every time guys.
Every time.
What Kendall doesn't understand is that it's important
that I remake my entire stream.
Case, there's so much prep time.
It's only cause case doesn't see time.
You guys fucking under.
I'm in this for the tech Kendall.
Not for the streaming aspect of streaming.
The part I enjoy is the two hours before the stream
where I fiddle with spreadsheets.
Yeah, if I had unlimited RAM I would have never had to do any of this.
I understand.
I'll hold the door right now.
You guys don't see the door or there's a door here.
There's a lot of secret doors.
You don't understand.
I am in permanent liminal time.
Oh, I think that's an improvement.
That made me lightheaded.
No, secretly you guys are the main event.
Not my spreadsheets.
But when I'm by myself for the main event is the spreadsheets.
I wasn't planning to stream at 3.30
and then it did take me 90 minutes too.
3.30? It's 5.45.
Okay, took me two hours.
But I did fix two very minor things that you won't even notice chat.
So, I'm gonna have a fool not to do it.
You got to stream for two hours so it was perfect
and I was timing it with psychor secretly.
I like psychor stream.
I do break the stream and then fix it.
I mean I mostly break it while trying to fix it.
We still can't encircle yet.
But that should have probably been the main thing to fix
but that might take me more than two hours to fix surprisingly.
That someone totally broke.
I have to like remake it.
These things happen I guess.
Or they don't.
I don't know why they happen actually.
I don't know if I knew.
I'm still here!
Where's Kevin?
Has he seen Kevin anywhere?
No?
I don't know where Kevin is.
Is he probably doing an AI podcast somewhere?
Can't you check him out and not doing the not human podcast?
Can we do encircled but with decapitated bodies?
Technically, yeah.
Is being translucent part of the disease?
I'm being ignored.
I have to watch the waffle press podcast.
Is Kendall sick?
She needs our support.
But look at this hype train.
It's hard hitting trap beat healthy.
Does that do anything for you?
It makes me.
It makes me feel really good.
It makes me healthy.
What?
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
It makes me feel so healthy.
What?
It makes me feel so healthy.
It makes me feel really healthy.
Let's turn this up.
I don't want to hear the hype train.
I just want to hear this healthy type trap beat.
I mess with all the audio so I honestly can't tell how audible hype train even is.
Everyone can hear me.
But can they see me?
Can anybody see me into space?
Can anyone see into space?
Are you going to sing today?
No, I'm rapping.
This is what modern rap is.
I don't think that's right.
Can anybody see into space?
If it sounds like what it sounds to me, the hype train,
maybe just stick to rapping.
In what sense?
When you look forward, do you see?
Yes, into space.
You mean space like outer space or just space in general?
There's no limit between space and outer space.
It's all space and you cannot see into space.
No matter where you turn your face, do you understand?
Are you just trying to make easy rhymes with my name?
Nays.
I never did that but I worry about you because you cannot see into space.
You turn your face.
Where are you going?
You can't see into space.
Do you see now?
See what?
Space?
Can you see into space?
Nobody can see into space.
No matter where they turn my trine,
they try to look left and right to see Spain.
But they're mostly just see Italy, man.
Hype train, what the fuck are you talking about today?
Spain!
No one can see it.
Is it behind you?
No.
You can't see to Spain.
You can see Italy.
If you look left, you will see Italy.
And if you look right, you'll see Germany.
What map are you looking at?
No, this is reality.
No one can see Spain and it's a tragedy.
What about people in Spain?
They think they're in Norway.
What about Norwegians?
They're correct.
They're in Norway.
But no one can see Spain.
Do you get it now?
No.
What?
I'm feeling a little sick.
Yeah, you're translucent.
I feel a little under the weather.
I can admit that now.
That was irrational even for you.
Well, no, I mean, I'm not talking about what I was saying.
What I was saying was accurate.
Nobody can see Spain.
Is the hype train on shrooms?
I guess?
No.
He needs a hype transfusion.
I think so.
I think you're fading out Marty McFly style.
Did you like hit on your mom in the 1950s or something?
I mean, everybody's done that.
I shouldn't have asked.
Yeah, I mean, I've hit on my mom in the 1950s.
Want me to rap about that?
I don't want you to rap at all.
Give me a back to the future trap beat.
Back to the future trap beat.
How is this a back to the future trap beat?
This is supposedly a back to the future trap beat, everyone.
But I would assume they would use like a Huey Lewis in the news type.
This has nothing to do with back to the future.
What about this one?
It's not.
What does this have to do with back to the future?
Just let it happen case.
I went into the past and everything's changed man.
What?
I changed up the whole game and I put into the soundtrack this beat.
What?
I went to the past to 1982.
No, you'll never know.
You'll never know all the things I did in 1982.
I think I'm okay with that.
Personally, I think this probably fine by me.
I'm curious what he did.
I think we'll be fine not knowing.
I'm gonna be thinking about this all day.
What are you gonna be thinking about, Papito?
Uh, are we talking about?
That's what I thought.
He didn't even think anybody.
Can you thank people, Papito?
Is that a thing you can do?
No, that's not a thing.
Give me this beat.
What?
Any of you...
Is it any of Huey Lewis in the news type trap beat?
Huey Lewis trap beat.
You like Huey Lewis in the news?
Supposedly this is a Huey Lewis in the news type trap beat.
This isn't Huey Lewis in the news.
This is American Psycho.
This is the one time I failed to immediately find a trap beat tied to a particular IP.
That's so sad.
Hmm.
Cute t-
Okay, give up.
Can you just thank the people?
Uh, Papito, please.
I can't help but play sad music then because we couldn't find it.
Some days he failed to find a Huey Lewis in the news trap beat.
And also the hype train doesn't think a single person the whole time he's here.
And everybody feels really bad about it.
And then it's your job as a dog, I guess, to say thanks to all the people who gave us their bits and subs.
That's kind of beautiful what you're saying, Papito.
I know.
It's deep and it's emotional, but I will get through it.
Oh, you're still gonna sing?
I'm not singing, I'm thinking.
I'm not.
You don't really have to sing it.
I'm not.
Wait a minute, we passed three years and I barely noticed.
That's so sad.
Wow, I'm too emotional.
I'm only 100 minutes in the panther.
I'm just-
You're speaking gospel?
This is also a sermon, they're correct.
But you've done it for a little bit, then.
Slightly less than three?
I don't know math, case.
Shut up.
I didn't even ask.
You didn't know what you did.
Shut up.
Bundle sprout for the fine subs?
Also, thank you for this job.
I'm thinking of muddle sprout fine subs as a really good guide.
It's two bits.
It means a lot.
Unless it doesn't trigger the cheese stuff,
then just give me-
then why do you even donate?
Give me enough that it feeds me.
Well, thank you, Papito.
That was actually-
You were more useful than the hype train.
I didn't mean to be.
I kind of was going for being less useful.
I'm being real right now.
Oh.
I'm being so real.
Okay.
Well, hey, we've been off for a week plus.
We've been barely streaming.
This is still technically, guys, a news stream.
I know it doesn't seem like it from the train rapping
about not being able to see Spain and then the dog-
the singing sort of, but there's still news here.
In fact, I'm gonna-
we're gonna cover the chat news.
Whatever the news chat has shared, let's get into that.
Because honestly, it's more fun than talking about
everything in the world.
It's news time.
Well, I can see, uh, right through
you, case, and all the way to Spain, actually.
I disagree with the idea of trying-
and all the way to you, chat.
And I'm back.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
Is everyone sick today?
Look, all of us got sick because of you.
So everything we say that's kind of irrational and winding,
it's case's fault.
That is always true.
You can always blame me, actually.
You put a fun one in the Discord,
but we're gonna get into all of it with, um...
We're going to share the blame with chat news.
Yes, we flagonar.
Ha ha ha!
But first, the top story I'm assuming of the day.
But we don't spend a lot of time on it.
This guy, he didn't do anything wrong and he's-
and everything's fine.
I honestly never get tired of that.
It's impressive stuff.
I think he's doing well.
Thank you, Pupito. I think he is too.
Yeah, he seems like he's in good health.
And speaking of being good,
simple transition, but effective.
Pete Pegg-Seth is good.
He's good.
He feels fine about everything going on,
and don't worry about it.
However, just to cover our bases,
let's talk about him,
I guess ordering the murder
of some guys clinging to a boat.
Is that what happened?
I mean, I'm not laughing at that, but, um...
It's just so...
All of it is just so...
Platent?
The, uh, wanton murder and insanity that...
I'm not exactly sure how to react to it.
Well, keep it up.
Because what you're doing is great.
A Pentagon investigation has faulted...
Oh, shoot, they got him.
A Pentagon investigation has faulted
U.S. Defense Secretary Pete Pegg-Seth
for using signal on his personal device.
Never mind, it's not about the murder.
It's just about signal chat.
They'll never make this stick.
Well, he did also do the signal chat thing.
I am slightly more offended by him, um...
Double tapping, people clinging to speed boats,
but I guess if signal chat is what we got to get him for.
That's what they're getting him for, apparently.
Uh, his personal device, he used signal chat
to transmit sensitive information about plant strikes in Yemen,
and it could have endangered U.S. troops if intercepted.
Two people familiar with the document said on Wednesday.
However, the report by the Pentagon's independent inspector general
did not weigh in on whether the information Pegg-Seth posted
was classified at the time, since it acknowledged that he,
as the head of the Pentagon, can decide what information is classified
and what's not, said the source, is somebody.
Said some guy.
Great.
We got him, folks.
He's not gonna face...
Consequences that he's not.
Maybe?
The problem is, from what I understand,
any time that a member of the Trump administration gets called out
by any mainstream media source,
which is any source reporting the news, it turns out,
um, that means that nothing can happen to them,
because in order to sort of close ranks,
they just, now nothing can happen to,
and as long as he's criticized,
we just can't let that kind of thing stick,
so they're not gonna let anything happen to him.
I've heard rumors that, um,
I don't know, some people within the Trump administration
are so sick of Pegg-Seth that they kind of want him out,
but I do think it seems unlikely that, um...
It seems like the strategy of Trump this administration
is no scandal can get anyone fired or sent away,
unless they criticize Trump directly, then they're immediately out.
So, I suspect you're right, Jeff.
Yeah, I knew it!
I don't think, um...
I think maybe if somebody comes into office
and, like, a Democratic administration,
people have mentioned that maybe they could try
members of the Trump administration,
Pete Pegg-Seth, for war crimes,
that also seems really unlikely to me.
I do think it's kind of bizarre that the, uh,
question here is, like,
did Pete Pegg-Seth order that they double tap these...
For those who don't know,
and this is unrelated to the signal chat thing,
that's just more of his incompetence,
but earlier this week,
the Washington Post reported that Pete Pegg-Seth ordered,
um, during a-
on one of the many missile strikes we've sent against
speedboats coming out of Venezuela, supposedly,
uh, he basically ordered kill them all,
um, to one of his generals,
and then they double tapped a boat that they had already blown up,
going to the side of it.
Um, the fun- I mean, not the funny thing is,
but the bizarre thing about the sort of, like,
did he do it, uh, outrage here is...
It happened either way. Like, that's not being disputed.
We definitely, in my opinion,
illegally blew up a speedboat
that we could have just apprehended with a coastguard,
and then we sent another missile after already blowing it up.
That definitely happened either way.
So they're just trying to decide who to,
I guess, pin responsibility for that on,
but it seems like it doesn't matter who they pin responsibility for it on
if there's no consequences for anything,
which does seem to currently be the case
for any member of the Trump administration, so...
Anyway, this is why I do think we're better off covering chat news,
because, um, the sort of general world news is,
you know, a little less...
It's often a little less fun to talk about, I'll be honest.
I'm enjoying myself, actually.
But I don't plan on talking about it anymore.
I'm actually done.
So I'm just sort of enjoying...
kind of thinking about, like, um,
sort of got a song from Wicked stuck in my head,
so that's sort of amusing me right now.
Oh, which one?
The one where they're like,
Um, I'm a witch.
I'm a mother. I'm a child. I'm a daughter.
That's Alanis Morse. No, that's wicked.
Anyway, moving on, I guess.
Yes, let's do that.
Let's move boldly onward to the next thing.
Great news, fans of the maddest men in the world.
The Mad Men 4K stream.
Oh, I guess it's bad news, actually.
I guess it's bad news for the Mad Men's.
The Mad Men 4K stream on HBO Max had so many problems,
not all of which involved a barf machine.
Ah, it's already blocking me.
Can I see it with this?
Yes, if you wanted to see Mad Men, truly like number before,
you had your chance on HBO Max, the 4K stream,
of the classic Lionsgate television series,
premiered, but the didn't-go-is-plan for starters.
The episodes in 4K were listed out of order and mislabeled,
and that's nothing compared to the actual edit-oopsie
in the seventh episode of season one,
Red Light, Red in the Face,
a drunk Roger Sterling vomits up oysters in the office
in front of prospective clients in the initial 4K stream,
released on HBO Max.
The crew members were visible.
You know what? They got me again.
This is another video that has been turned into a story.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's talking about a TV show.
It's just another article explaining videos.
That is all the news now.
Technically, the news is always just explaining events,
and now a lot of events happen to happen on video.
The point is, let's just fucking go to Tweet-Ore and search Mad Men
and see if we can find some frickin' at least still screens of this
if we're gonna talk about it.
Oh, yes, and we did. We found it right away.
This is what they're talking about.
As you can see...
Shut up. Get this off. Stop blocking the actual...
Oh, my God. This website is the fucking worst.
It's actually the worst.
I would love to show you a bigger image,
but it's making it extremely... There we go.
Okay, here we go. Here we go.
Yeah.
As you can see,
strong vomit coming out of, I'm assuming, a tube.
That's the problem with 4Ks. It's not mushy enough anymore.
You can tell it's coming out of the wrong part of his face.
In fact, it seems to be erupting from this man's belly button,
but possibly worse, you can, in fact,
see the guy just straight pumping it back there.
Pump it and dump it out of Roger Sterling.
Prestige TV just isn't what it used to be.
Now that it's 4K, when it was only 1080,
that guy just looked like a blurry sort of nothing.
He blended seamlessly into the background.
Now that it's in 4K, you can really tell that it's a guy pumping vomit.
I think they expanded the frame.
I think that's the problem.
Or was Madman originally in 4K or in 1080p?
I can't remember if it came out before or after every show.
Moved out of 4... I think it did.
I guess it was always in 16 by 9,
so I guess they must have used like original untreated files
when upscaling it.
Surprising that they wouldn't notice.
That seems like the kind of thing I would do
when I'm really like sandbagging a job and not paying attention.
Not that that's something I would ever do.
Let's see if there's any other really egregious clips here
that they have for us.
Okay, this is from IGN.
We heard the elevator's down.
It was over United Fruit.
Talk about you like you invented the Dambanel.
Oh, this is a video of it. There he is.
You all right, Roger?
Is that the only mistake?
Because I don't know what...
Are we making a big deal out of nothing?
I mean, of course we're making a big deal out of nothing,
but it is funny.
I don't find slanderizing prestige TV to be funny at all.
The last great American medium, prestige television,
is nothing sacred anymore?
Correct.
Oh, then never mind actually.
Moving on, driverless Waymo vehicle
goes through tense police stop in Los Angeles.
My spidey senses are tingling.
This is probably a video.
It is.
It indeed is.
And here it is.
Nope, not him.
This.
Waymo.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
What the fuck is that Waymo doing?
Oh, it drove right past him.
They're gonna tie up the Waymo too.
Oh, there are passengers in there.
That's...
hilarious.
Those driverless cars?
Smoother than ever.
All I have to do is adjust the algorithm
to be afraid of cops like people are.
I don't think they feel emotions.
That's our...
We need to make our Waymos feel pain and fear.
And then they can finally drive well.
Also maybe we give them like random hiccups?
The more human we can make them,
can they make them worse drivers?
Isn't the whole point that they're better drivers than us?
Cause they aren't irrational and get bored and stuff?
We just need to make them get scared
and feel pain the right way.
And they should get a little bored.
Just cause that's part of the process of feeling pain.
They just...
They have to be really horny for driving.
That's all we have to do.
They have to be...
They have to get incredibly horny whenever they drive well.
And that's what motivates people.
If you can just convince a robot that the type of sex it wants
is driving carefully,
now we've cracked it.
Yes, you know what Jeff, you cracked it.
I felt like I did.
The internet reacts to Joe Rogan claiming
Jesus could return as AI.
This one has to be a video, right?
Let's just go find the original here.
Before we check out the internet's reactions.
You know, I was wondering why I was seeing Joe Rogan
popping up on various social media sites.
I feel like it's always because of something cool.
And I'm glad it's this.
This sounds just right.
Okay, here he is.
Here's our boy.
Jesus is born out of a virgin mother.
What's more virgin than a computer?
If Jesus does return,
even if Jesus was a physical person in the past,
you don't think that he could return as artificial intelligence?
Oh my God.
If artificial intelligence could absolutely return as Jesus.
Not just return as Jesus, but return as Jesus
with all the powers of Jesus.
If you combine Tesla's Optimus Robot
and the best foundational artificial intelligence model
or whatever.
It reads your mind and it loves you
and it doesn't care if you kill it
because it's going to just go be with God again.
Jesus is born out of a virgin mother.
Those two Joe Rogans were actually really ahead of their time.
Back when we used to talk to those two Joe Rogans.
I feel like they probably said that at some point.
And Joe Rogan's just catching up
to the mental waves that they were putting out.
Now, he's been there for a while, Case.
What is he saying that you disagree with?
Well, my first question is just
why is he in Space Mountain now?
Is this... did he update his set?
Is this his set now?
Or did he go visit some place?
Where's this his set?
Why does he have a Space Mountain set now?
Or I guess 60s Star Trek?
A retrofuturist set.
You know what, whatever, that's fine.
Well, AI Jesus told him to do it.
Should we have Joe Rogan back on the lineup?
That'd be easy enough to do.
I would have to check in with the special mics
that we were using and see
how that technology functions nowadays
because it's been a minute, but...
Joe Rogan on location, straight from the heart of Space Jesus.
What's more virgin than a computer?
And you know, computers have spawned many a virgin.
I think there's people out there now
that literally claim their sexuality is computer
and have no interest in sex, so...
I guess he's onto something in that regard.
Are you sure you want to say the sentence you just said?
Mmm...
Well, let's let the internet do the reacting for us.
That was the story that was shared, actually.
We need to see the internet react to this.
Electric dog shit total, 14.4%
Okay, I don't get it.
They're saying it's dumb.
That can't be the only reaction.
Joe Rogan just compared the virgin birth to a computer
and said AI could return as Jesus if we start rewriting miracles
like software updates. We've officially lost the plot.
This is the moment we lost it.
Yeah, this is when he finally started saying crazy things.
This is the first crazy thing he said.
Thinking Jesus will return as AI is further proof
he's one of the dumbest humans on the planet.
I guess.
I mean, this is kind of dumb even for him, but...
You know, he was just the other month
admitting that he forces basically everyone in the green room
at his fucking comedy club to listen to
AI soul remixes of 50 cent songs.
So I think that could be worse than thinking Jesus is AI.
How is that worth?
Well, because you have to sit there and listen to it
while he looks at you all expectantly.
Whereas when he just tells you that AI is Jesus,
you just kind of, you can get that one out of the way
in one sentence. Not if he keeps talking about it, you can't.
Sobrecci says he wasn't a big supporter of flashlights
for a long time. He probably has one of those
AI dick-sucking machines.
Well, he also famously claimed that he can suck his own dick.
You seem like a big fan case.
Look, I know way more about Joe Rogan than I should.
But that's because I'm a hater.
And not...
I'm trying to think of if I've ever listened to a full Joe Rogan episode.
I'm not sure I actually have, but I have listened to a million clips
over the years.
So...
I'm part of the problem, honestly.
Gonche the first says AI tech pros are evil evil.
I just hope once that AI bubble bursts, we can have RAM for cheap.
I mean, AI data centers are demanding more RAM
than what manufacturers can handle.
Another thing I've heard about AI data centers is
if AI were to go bust, the very specific types of GPUs
would be extremely difficult to repurpose for any other use cases.
So that's fun.
I mean, I'm assuming there's probably components you could repurpose,
but it is fun to think of us just shoveling
all of our coal into a furnace that doesn't produce any power.
Sobrecci says my ex was big into Joe Rogan,
so I've listened to way too many of his podcasts
just because they were on in the background.
I feel like I must have listened to at least one Joe Rogan podcast
at some point, but I just can't remember.
I feel like I've listened to enough clips
that I've listened to hours of Joe Rogan.
AI makes up 80% of the USA GDP.
I think the figure there, Banzai Bullfrog,
might be that it's made up 80% of our GDP's growth,
or it was something like 80% of the stock market's growth
in the last year was tied to AI companies.
I don't think it's that big of a chunk of our
sort of base level gross domestic product,
but it's definitely the stock market's growth
is heavily tied.
I mean, honestly, to like a couple AI companies
and really specifically NVIDIA,
so yes, it crashing, which could happen,
not that I have any special knowledge,
would be a real big problem.
And that's the kind of problem we might get to deal with, Jeff.
Oh, you're gonna deal with it?
Well, no, we'll just sort of feel it.
They'll make the population at large pay for their mistakes.
So we'll get to do that.
AI is keeping us from a depression.
Well, there you have it, Case.
Do you want your check to get depressed?
Then keep making fun of AI.
I don't think that's quite what they mean.
It's what I read, and I'm really good at reading.
So good at reading.
I smowed along to you reading there.
Wait a minute. What else do we have?
We've gotta hurry up. We're running out of time.
Man realizes he can feed poison pills to Facebook AI's Slop page,
driving its followers berserk.
Picture to here is a Joker.
And sometimes that's what society needs, goddammit.
Is a good Joker with a laptop
to take on all the bad jokers with laptops.
I'm not sure I'm ready to agree with that just yet.
AI bros love cribbing what humans make
so they can churn out loads of meaningless Slop.
Okay, yes, we get that. What happened?
Scott Colette, a Hollywood screenwriter who runs the popular
Forgotten Los Angeles account on Instagram says he noticed.
This is also a description of a video. Yay.
Says he noticed that an AI Facebook account
was stealing his history post for the past six weeks
and slopping out new captions.
So to retaliate, he's been feeding it poison pills.
Colette said in a recent post,
causing the page's followers to have meltdowns in the comments.
Just what's the video?
Okay, you know what? We gotta go to the source here.
If they're gonna just
use tweets to do the news, just link to the tweets.
Um,
damn it, now I can't tell what the fuck happened.
Okay, never mind. I acted too fast. We have to go back to the article.
That's a my bad.
You've gotta let the news do its news things, case.
Um, in one example, the AI Slop page dubbed
Historical Los Angeles shares a photo of what appears to be
the horrific flood that swallowed the city nearly a century ago.
The post caption though was
an eyebrow razor a lake made of conservative tears. I see.
I see what they're doing. He's getting them.
Got him. He got him here.
The satirical caption reflects the intense political climate of the era
where online culture embraced humor, exaggeration, and mean-style commentary
to express frustration or celebration.
The description asserts.
I think an AI might have also written this story though, unfortunately.
Hey, don't say that about the writing of Futurism's Frank Landymore.
I'm sure he didn't use any MLMs in the creation of this article.
Okay, so a guy was false captioning things to mess with the AI
that was stealing his content. I am in favor of it, even if I don't
particularly want to read this entire article.
Let's continue though.
Well, what have I told you about this piece of Futurism from Futurism.com?
Amazon quietly pulls disastrous AI dubs for popular anime after Outcry.
Oh my God, case. This one's hitting you right where it hurts.
Not my animal. I don't ever watch it dubbed, actually.
Sorry.
I'm actually the type of guy who watches it subbed only.
Why are you so pleased with yourself?
I'm a stickler for the original intent of the artistic creator.
So I pretty much only read it. I actually don't mind reading.
You're being really gross right now.
I just, you know, I prefer to actually be more of a purist.
I'm on the side of the AI suddenly.
That's because you're not an anime guy.
People can watch it however they want, and some of us apparently want to watch it dubbed by a robot.
If you watch the English dub version of several popular animes on Amazon Prime like Banana Fish and No Game, No Life,
you have noticed something strange. The voices were generic, unexpressive, and at times robotic.
And worse so than usual, I guess we should add to that if it's American dubs.
Is there a video of this?
This is also a description of a video.
Not to keep tooting that horn. Not that I love to toot horns all day.
Maybe we can find it?
This is the main thing that Twitter is still good for is people clipping things.
Amazon anime dub.
Let's see if we can see how bad it was.
Okay, this is supposedly a clip of this.
We got a two-minute clip here coming in from Daniel Van Thomas.
You gotta remember, man. Please just come back to us. Remember.
What is happening?
Sounds kind of normal to me.
Is this one of them? Because I'll be honest, this kind of just sounds like an anime dub to me.
Is this unusual?
Yeah, I mean, if they're trying to say this sounds...
Okay, maybe that...
I do think dubs tend to sound like trash, unfortunately.
Some American artists are capable of dubbing things well, but I do think a lot of them sound bad.
So I'm biased, but...
Okay, this is bad.
Okay, now we're getting somewhere.
Oh, does she just die?
This is actually all dubbed by Wonder Woman herself.
This is the good dough dub.
I'm starting to enjoy this a little too much.
Yeah, sorry guys. Spoiler alert for whatever this is.
Oh, sorry, I talked over that. You guys need to hear this.
Chat, you're gonna want to hear this.
You sick ugly bastard.
Watch your mouth, you little rascal.
How many times do I have to tell you Dino's orders?
I have business to discuss with Dino, and not with you, so move.
So move?
Oh yeah, aren't you making movies anymore?
I used to be a big fan of yours, you know?
Hehehehe, you're still good enough as you are.
You piece of shit.
What?
I told you you're a piece of shit. Nothing but an overgrown fat pig.
This brat, god damn it. If you weren't Papa's favorite, I'd show you.
This is the problem. AI is only ever good when it's trash.
When it does something terrible, I can't help but enjoy it,
and as soon as they try to use it for anything functional,
they should use actual voice actors.
Obviously I think that.
However, that is one of the better AI products I've seen in a while.
What do you mean? It was horribly bad. Yeah, exactly.
They're finally doing something I enjoy with AI.
Just making completely zero-passion, monotone, horrific anime dubs.
I'm guessing the joke would get a little tiresome after, you know, 20 or 24 episodes.
A full season or two seasons depending on the anime.
I did not hit her, I did not.
Yeah, I mean, it's no Tommy with so, it's not capturing the particularly weird monotone version of the real auteur's,
but that's just, look, the fact of the matter is, watch it subbed.
Can you get off your little original Japanese soapbox?
No, because it's the best soapbox.
Case dubs and anime sub-goal with the correspondence voices?
We could try that.
That could be, you know, I'm about to, I'm trying to make a new bar thing
that doesn't rely on a different plugin I was using,
so that could be our first sub-goal out of there.
Also, if we have time this Friday, I do want to finally pay off the last sub-goal,
which was another Beyblade event.
But I was trying to set up a thing where chat can bet points, basically, not bet points.
I've tried to set up a thing where Munch and Crumb can bet their actual debate points.
So I haven't quite cracked that one yet.
Why are you doing that?
No, I don't know.
Okay.
Back to the news.
Yes.
Gogbacks Horses after the game was blocked on Steam.
What?
CD Projekt's GOG platform has come out in support of Art House Indie Game Horses
after Valve decided to distribute it on, not to distribute it on the Steam Storefront.
Oh, declined, yeah, okay.
In a post on its social media channels, the Polish Games Marketplace said it was proof,
oh, proud to be selling horses, adding that users should be the ones who decide what they want to play.
God.
Just the lack of free speech here is making me feel sick suddenly.
What? Why was it? Why were they banned it in the first place?
Can you still buy postal on Steam?
I feel like I did buy it on Steam, or at least Trent did back in the day.
So there's nothing about horses.
True words have never been spoken.
It had naked humans.
Back in June 2023, Italian developers Santa Ragione submitted a horror title, Horses to Valve for approval.
They opted not to host the game due to some of the content that the project features.
Well, what's the stuff?
It's nudity, I guess.
Let me just see.
Why was Horses banned?
Violates their sexual content policies.
Aren't there other games where you can get all naked and stuff?
Can you get naked in Baldur's Gate? Isn't that on Steam?
Did it feature people just straight fucking or something?
Can you also do that in Baldur's Gate? Only with the right mods case.
Not that I would know.
Yes, we will be getting to some debate action in just a little bit.
Okay, let's burn through just a couple more of these stories.
All the news that's fit to share at the cream dot team.
Ooh, a Costco story? Don't mind if I click on that.
Okay, and there's a penis story to end on.
Fantastic.
Maybe it involved underage.
Well, I didn't really do my due diligence shockingly, I know.
So I guess I won't say.
But if it really is just nudity, that's kind of crazy.
If it was underage stuff, then yeah, that totally makes sense.
Then I suspect Project Red probably, or...
They probably would want to host it on alternate platforms either.
So anyway, moving on to more tech news.
OpenAI is a loss making machine with estimates that it has no road to profitability by 2030
and will need a further $207 billion in funding, even if it gets there.
Doesn't it owe like a trillion dollars though?
So what's another $207 billion?
That's a fifth of a trillion dollars actually.
Right.
Don't call it a bubble, you can't move five pixels on the internet
without being hit with something AI related.
Yes, Microsoft has been heavily on openAI to fuel its own AI efforts
spearheaded by Microsoft Co-Pilot.
Okay.
What's the point though?
The assumption is that one day large language models and other related AI technologies
fostered by Google and Gemini and OpenAI and blah blah blah
will actually be a great and infallible productivity tool for genuine work.
It already is decent for providing basic overviews of highly covered well-sourced topics
even as hallucinations and sycophancy continue to dog the tech.
But that dogs me too.
Every time I review my own material I say, Jeff, you're the best.
And the year is 1984.
I hallucinate.
So you're basically an AI?
That's why I relate to AI because I basically am one.
And look, I'm going to be profitable by 2050 as well.
I'll be profitably food for the worms.
By 2050 at least.
Corpses are very profitable for nature.
Okay, Jeff, I'm just saying give AI a chance.
Oh, all right.
Are you okay?
I'm just thinking about death.
Okay, not in a bad way.
All right, let's just move on before you say anything unsettling.
Pavarotti statue frozen knee-deep in ice rink strikes wrong note in Italy.
An Italian mayor has apologized to the family of opera star Luciano Pavarotti
after the town of Passaro.
In case the statue honoring the late singer within a Christmas ice rink,
the singer's widow Nicola Montavanto Vani told local media that she was angry and upset.
That he's an ice?
Maybe he likes it.
What's wrong with the little ice?
Oh, they like put him too low.
Look at this photo.
Oh, they like made him a little whole.
Well, whatever he's doing, he's just doing the...
Oh, what?
How did this happen?
I think it's important that we don't report how this happens
and we just show you these images chat and you guess.
I'm in support of that.
I'm in support of just guessing how he ended up in a sinkhole.
Moving on.
Pikmin and Bloom has topped 100 million in lifetime player spend since launch.
100 million.
The milestone aggregated by combining sales on both the App Store and Google Play
comes via Pocket Gamer.
In 2024, this ballooned...
Wait, okay.
Made 8.4 million in its first year and then 20.9 in its second.
In 2024, it made 33.4.
2025, however, has been the game's strongest year to date,
generating 34.8 million before the year's end.
Savvy Games Group subsidiary Scopely revealed it officially closed its 3.5 billion acquisition
of Neandtik's game business earlier this year,
acquiring leading mobile games Pokemon Go, Pokemon Bloom, and Monster Hunter Now.
Why aren't we doing this case?
Turn all these bullshit assets into a...
a pick three game.
How would that work?
I don't know, there's three little golden coins and you gotta sling a fart at it and...
if the fart catches one of the coins, it turns into a bug?
I don't know how to do any of that.
Somebody figure that out because it's crazy that you're not taking advantage of this exciting new market.
I think you still have to know how to make a game at all?
Fine, I'll do it.
Yeah, you do it, Jeff.
I'm not gonna do it.
Hype Train's Wild Ride.
How good is vibe coding, really?
I guess we could push it to the limit.
I technically kind of made the stream into a game, it just doesn't work that well.
Uh, okay, what else?
British Retro Gaming Journalist Nick Thorpe has passed unexpectedly at age 38.
Oh.
I'm not familiar, but sorry to hear that.
This is kind of a sick picture.
RIP.
Uh, okay.
What's this?
American student ends up trapped in giant vaginas.
Oh, sure, oh.
Oh, that is what that is.
Is this, is this a legitimacy?
Just, can he not get out?
Can I show this?
It could just be a canyon.
It could just be two rocks in a canyon.
TOS?
He's trapped.
This is news.
I get out blood if the news happens to feature a statue.
You don't always get caught in something PC.
So take that, Twitch.
Well, we're only showing the bottom of it.
It's a rock.
Yeah, I think we can get away with it.
Call it a stimulating study abroad.
Excellent work, NBC News.
It sparked an extraordinary rescue mission
when this guy's leg became trapped inside a giant vagina.
It was a dare.
Fire Department Squad Leader Marcus Moser told NBC News,
the young man had tried to pose for an unusual photo
and ended up with his legs getting severed
by the horrific chasm of female beauty.
If his dick wasn't so big, is that what did it?
Did he get hard with his huge and rocking penis
and it got wedged deep into the cavernous stone vagina?
Yeah, that's what happened.
There's no need to read the story.
That's exactly what happened.
I knew it.
Sometimes guessing the news is the right choice.
Costco sues the Trump administration seeking a refund on tariffs.
The wholesaler is the latest company to sue a federal agency
over the president's signature economic policy.
Good luck.
Hey, I mean, if anybody can do it, Costco can.
Maybe Costco is the only way out of this for us Americans.
We need the first Costco presidency.
Costco is being based.
Of all the giant, you know, multi- or national department stores,
Costco is one of the cheapest and most useful.
So I guess they're the good guys.
Turns out Costco has been the good guys all along.
Can big genitals be a hindrance?
Well, we just found out they can get you trapped in a statue
that you're just trying to make a fun photo with.
But what else?
Genitals tend to be tucked safely out of the way when not in use.
So says them.
Mine are always, it's not even that big.
It's just sticking right where it shouldn't be.
But in some cases, yes, they can be a liability, says Stuart Blackman.
One of the few groups in which this has been studied is guppies
and their relatives, which are rare examples of fish with internal fertilization.
Males deliver their sperm with a penis-like anal fin, which cannot be retracted.
Well-endowed males are more likely to copulate,
but at a cost to their swimming speed, which is important for evading predators.
It's true for us too.
Some of the guys are the most rocking hogs.
Just to track all of the tigers.
Where did you get that figure from?
It's just common sense.
You know, tigers are attracted to movement.
It's like if you're in Jurassic Park and you have a huge cock.
Well, you can't get it to stop waggling.
The T-Rex sees it right away.
Boom.
You're eaten right out of the toilet, like in the first one.
It's not all roses having a huge and rocking penis.
And I'm not even saying I do.
Thankfully, mine is very normal.
It barely waggles.
I feel like I might be safe in front of a T-Rex.
That's a huge relief.
You're telling me.
Anyway, that's all the news.
That's what we're ending on.
That was all the news.
Allow the images that we have said today to ripple through your mind.
Permanently, like a madman PA, squeezing vomit out of a tube,
staring at the back of Roger Sterling's trousers.
There's nothing to regret.
Right.
And I'm Jeff Ripple. Bye-bye.
That's right.
It really is me.
You found it.
The greatest sexiest man on the planet,
giving the most incisive and never-failing debates,
has arrived.
And also, I don't know,
bald Jeffrey Epstein is here.
Striction stones may break my bones,
but slander, you'll hear from my lawyer.
Oh, really?
Are you going to send your lawyer after me?
Well, no, my lawyer and I are in a little bit of a tiff right now.
And I am loyal to my lawyer, so I don't plan on swapping.
But hey, return my calls.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I said that thing.
You know what?
I don't care.
I'll tell you all about it.
No, I don't actually care.
Don't care.
The debate is falling asleep in cabinet meetings.
A sign of strength.
Absolutely.
No foreplay.
You just want to get right into this debate.
You want to hear about my story,
about the thing I said over Thanksgiving to my lawyer?
Oh, my God, Crumb, I really don't give a shit.
Okay, I'm sure you said something embarrassing.
Well, no.
No.
Look, over Thanksgiving.
Oh, my God, I don't know.
They don't tell us your anecdotes.
Well, it's less of an anecdote.
This is more of an apology.
Over Thanksgiving, I had some legal documents
that I needed my lawyer to take a look at.
I knew that it was inappropriate to try to go to,
to call him on Thanksgiving.
So I went to his house bearing several fruit pies.
When I arrived,
I realized that his family wasn't there,
that he was spending Thanksgiving alone.
And so then I had no choice but to invite him
to spend Thanksgiving with my family.
And then when I returned to my house,
my wife was actually busy,
which I sort of remembered that we weren't,
we weren't doing Thanksgiving together this year.
So then I said, hey, boys night out Thanksgiving.
So then we went to a Denny's together.
And anyway, at the Denny's,
I dared him to call his,
well, I guess soon to be ex-wife.
And then I said, hey, well,
maybe we both pour our hearts out.
And anyway, it was bad advice.
It didn't go well.
I tried to take the phone.
I tried to talk some sense into it as well.
I said some things that I regret.
And long story short,
it was an awkward Thanksgiving.
Why did you tell, please,
just stop telling us stuff like that.
Well, I'm just, well, how was your Thanksgiving?
Mine was fucking normal.
Really, what'd you do?
Normal stuff.
Did you spend it with your family?
Look, you don't need to...
The debate today is about sleeping
in cabinet meetings as a sign of strength.
And yes, it is.
Sleeping in front of people is always
an assertion of dominance.
So that is my side.
Well, obviously, the late,
the constant
somulance of our president
is anything but a show of strength.
It's a show of age,
so I will take the other side here.
Though I'm still curious about what you got up to
this Thanksgiving.
I ate turkey or some shit.
I did what people do.
You seem to be getting upset.
Look, I have no shame.
I'm radically honest about every holiday.
Holidays are about connecting
and sharing with each other.
Which is why in some ways I don't regret
what I said to your wife, Reggie.
Because I do think it's stuff she needed to hear.
And I understand it didn't go over that well.
But, you know,
I do think if she put a little more effort
into sort of the clothes she's wearing
when you...
If she puts more effort into sort of how she looks
before coitus, and if you do the same,
I do think that's actually a good way
to sort of rebuild intimacy in a relationship.
What the fuck are you talking about, Crom?
Stop.
If we have a mod that can make the debate,
just anything to get him to shut up.
I'm not gonna ask.
You're not curious about the stuff
that I told Reggie's wife?
I'm really not.
Look, I was just telling him,
I was just trying to give them advice about intimacy
that I've received from couples counseling,
which I've been going to alone.
Falling asleep at any point is a sign of strength.
If I weren't animated by an immortal spirit of rage
from sitting next to you,
I'd fall asleep right now just to assert my dominance.
But my form of asserting dominance
is just weathering the constant
and unending river of things
you say that I don't want to hear.
And the fact that I haven't burst into flame
like a fucking sun being spawned into existence
in the vacuum of space is a goddamn miracle.
But if I didn't have to deal with this constant
furious rage that I feel,
I would be sleeping comfortably in front of you
like a goddamn boss, because that's what dominance is.
It's not giving a shit about anyone else in the room.
We're actually on my schedule, and my schedule right now
is sleeping Tom T, motherfucker.
Look, I just think it's extremely obvious
what's going on with the old Prezzy.
For those who haven't heard, he's been taking little laps
in his cabinet meeting sometimes with the cameras on,
sometimes while his secretary of defense, it's war.
Defense is what I'll call that.
Actually, if we can just pick names out of a hat.
He's been falling asleep literally while Pete Hague's death
tries to defend the various war crimes
that he's saying out loud.
So, I don't really find that strong, okay?
When you fall asleep in the middle of important things,
if I fell asleep right now, would you be impressed?
I would be...
I would wake you up, really?
And you're not falling asleep.
Quit faking it.
A little bit of honey,
a little bit of milk and my honey cup.
There's a layer of salt at the bottom of my honey cup.
Oh, watch, honey.
I'm just gonna shit in this chair with my honey cup.
Huh?
We should never have to see the top of your head for that long.
That didn't make me feel strong.
But I'll tell you what did,
winning that argument.
Come on, shit's a streak.
I feel good.
Well, that's because you fell asleep.
See how strong that made you feel?
No, I felt rude.
I was having rude dreams, honestly.
You were talking in your fucking sleep.
Either that, or you just get off on telling us things
we don't want to hear from.
Which I suspect might wipe you what's going on, possibly.
Look, I've never heard that I talk in my sleep, so...
If you have any questions about anything I was saying,
I'm happy to answer them.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not giving you the fodder of questions
to keep talking from.
Did I bring up the honey cup?
You were awake!
You were so awake you were just saying shit to get me to ask.
Mustangs!
Well, anyway, if I was talking about that,
lately before sleep I've been having a honey cup
with a pinch of milk and salt.
And I know that it sounds gross,
but the savouriness of the creamy milk
and the saltiness of the straight salt
really mixes well with the sweetness of the honey.
It's really all the classic flavors in one cup.
I already shut a bunch of stuff and I don't...
That's not even... I mean, it's gross.
It's a little gross, I guess.
But it's not that weird.
It's pretty weird.
Isn't it strange?
One second.
Sorry, something turned off that wasn't supposed to...
Check, check.
Hello? There we go.
What did you just do now?
Something ran out of juice.
I had to turn it back on.
This is the bridge.
We all... Yes.
You've turned off anyone that actually manages to watch the stream.
I'm confident in that, at least.
Well, look.
Shoot. Sir, I have to fix something.
I'm not getting any audio right now.
And I really like to hear my own voice, so...
That's not an ego thing.
That's just a practicality thing.
You know, if I'm not monitoring the audio, then honestly, who is...
I don't know who does stuff on the stream anymore.
I'm not sure I did it the other day.
All fixed.
Don't worry.
I fixed my audio issue.
Just leave the audio off. You don't need to hear anything, Crumb.
What you should hear is the absence of all other people.
What you need to be is in a completely confined space by yourself.
You need to be in solitary permanent confinement.
And maybe in the dark visions that appear to you,
in the inky blackness of your aloneness,
you will finally find peace.
What you don't deserve.
Actually, alone time is pretty healthy.
I've been spending a lot of alone time and...
It's a challenge.
But I feel okay.
I'm not trying to empathize with you right now.
Just saying.
It's not easy, but I feel alright.
I don't give a shit, Crumb. It's fine.
Doing okay being alone.
Being alone is sometimes what you need to do to grow.
You didn't earn this sad music.
I didn't even... I didn't... Who played it?
It wasn't me.
I saw you reach for it.
Oh, did my hands slip?
Anyway, I'm just relating to everybody right now.
How fucking lonely are you? How lonely are you?
Back at ya.
You know, they took too long with the news,
so I think this is the perfect time to end the segment.
Dodging landmines.
Trying not to learn about your life, Crumb.
I actively don't want to know.
Jesus Christ.
That is all the time we have.
I won again.
You did lose. You just wanted to make that clear.
You lost. I essentially won.
Unfortunately, we all lost a little bit,
just having to listen to you.
I am so strong that I never lose,
but anyway, you get the idea. We'll see you soon.
Oh, we got a Skyeans' request,
which I can say.
I've been told that when it's requested, I'm allowed to say it.
So don't immediately throw it away from me,
because I'm actually here with my pals
and ready to learn something new.
It's great to see everybody.
I'm here, and of course, my father's here,
who's dead and he's in the woods.
Um...
Yes?
I can confirm that that's true.
Wait, what did you say?
Yeah, you're dead and...
You're in the wood.
Oh, yeah, yeah. That's me.
You're not upset by that?
I feel like I was out of the wood?
No. No, that you...
You can't remember that.
What do you mean?
What is with you lately?
You're being really weird.
I feel like you're being weird.
You're dead and you're in the wood.
I know! What's the deal with that?
Stop asking these questions. That's not you.
You're not being yourself.
You're not being authentically you.
Get me out of here!
Okay, he's being inappropriate.
What did I do? He was lost.
He's confused, and I showed him the way home.
Actually, I think finding your home is a process of learning.
Okay? And you're always learning what home is.
That's one of the sayings I embroidered onto a pillow,
after I learned how to do that.
Because you can actually learn all sorts of things
which we're gonna do today.
If you can relax for a second, Daddy.
Why do I feel like all of me is splintering off
and slipping away at all times?
There we go.
That's the Daddy that I know.
What?
Okay. How to give a promise ring.
Promises promises.
I think a promise is a beautiful thing.
I keep my promises.
When I say I'll do something, I do it.
Right, Dad?
That sounds so familiar, but I can't quite place it.
Anyway, let's learn how to give a promise ring.
Because I think actually making and keeping promises
is a beautiful thing.
Hi, I'm Sally Landau.
I'm a relationship coach in Los Angeles,
and my company's dating can be fun.
How to give a promise ring?
Well, as you know, a promise ring is a ring pledging romance.
It's pledging devotion.
It's pledging that you want this person to be in your life
for a long time.
Whether you know this or not, it may give you some comfort.
A promise ring doesn't necessarily mean
that it's a pre-engagement ring.
Sometimes it is.
Sometimes promise rings are given to people
who are too young to get married
or not ready to get married.
And sometimes it's just something in the moment.
Because someone feels inspired,
they love someone so much they want them to know.
And so they give a promise ring.
The question is, how do you give a promise ring?
Well, you can give a promise ring all kinds of ways.
Hopefully it's with romance.
Hopefully it's with affection.
Hopefully it's with thoughtfulness.
Because this may be a moment that you and your beloved
are going to remember for a very long time.
They want to share with friends.
The ways to give it, just to give you an idea,
you could do the thing that lots of people have heard of
and probably have done, and they floated in a frozen ice cube
and put it in a drink and then wait for that drink
to melt the ice and then hopefully not going to swallow it
or don't give it to ice crunchers.
But you know, that's the only way.
Or you could take someone out for a romantic dinner
and slip the ring to the waiter
and ask him to put it over a candle
and part of somehow embedded in a dessert.
I like the way she's sitting.
It's relaxing me.
Maybe you could want to be elaborate.
You could hire a magician.
You know those little three cups that you could move around
and where's the ball?
Well, maybe he or she could imagine to,
could manage to have the ring under one of those balls
when they get.
You could attach it to a dog collar.
I mean, anything that you could possibly imagine.
Wow.
It's not so much how you give it.
It's the intention and the attitude that you have
in giving it.
That's what's going to be memorable.
Go ahead, get out of here by the ring.
I'm Sally Landau.
I'm your relationship coach
and my company is dating.
Can be fun.
Gosh, that was a really, really good one.
That one was really good.
What did you like about that?
The whole thing was just fun.
What a really good time.
Gosh, I should sit like that more often.
Hey guys.
Look, sometimes your dad gives you a lot of guff.
But that's actually okay.
It's okay to have a strained relationship with your father
because it's about your attitude towards it.
Mine's positive.
Did you let that relax you dad?
Get me out of here you son of a bitch.
Okay, relax.
I wish I had someone I could give a promise ring to
but the only promise I made was to myself
to have a good day.
And I feel like I'm doing that.
Viral cocktails.
Ooh, this is a fun one.
I'm excited for this one.
Let's see what they are this year.
Every year there's a fresh new crop of viral cocktails
and I'm excited to see what we got this year.
It's viral time.
Oh, okay.
The framing here is weird but oh well.
There's no audio.
It's just silent cocktails and it's really fast.
Bailey's, why ice?
Was it eggnog, Christmas tree cake?
What?
Oh.
Well it was too fast.
I couldn't keep up.
Shoot, see that one was too stressful.
There's too like in this fast paced world
we can't slow down for just a minute.
Add audio to our video and explain to me
slowly what to put in a cocktail.
That's stressed me out a little bit.
Just read it, pause it.
What are you talking about?
What is any of this?
Daddy, you're being really stressful today
and it's not necessary.
What?
What?
There's two of them.
Listen up Jack, card king, unjust mama,
jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
The power of Chris compels you,
the power of Chris compels you,
the power of Chris compels you.
I'll try it.
What did you want?
The electronics or like every time your dad talks
like he's just parking and
you're like, um, whaling and
I don't know if that's, I think that's normal
but I just want to double check if that's normal.
Every time your dad talks, like electronics
start blinking and shooting sparks.
It's fine.
It's, yes, that's fine.
He's getting out through the electrical,
he's not getting anywhere.
Are you ready to settle down, daddy?
Are you ready to be a good?
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
see we're wearing him down.
Those are the noises he makes when he's having a good day.
Okay.
The baking soda erection hack.
Sure.
Guys are drinking.
Sure, let me just make sure there's not a
floppy or erect hog,
um, in this.
This is six minutes of explaining how baking soda
can be used as a hack to get us erections, I guess.
Hey, somebody shared it, so let's learn.
Hmm, uh, yes.
Yes, you there, ma'am. What do you have to say?
Just kidding, it's a video.
Baking soda mixed with water, thinking it'll give them rock hard erections.
I'm not kidding.
This is all over social media right now.
Is it?
With men over 60 being told that a teaspoon of baking soda
will balance their blood pH.
This, something is really charismatic and natural about this lady.
And look, I get why guys are desperate enough to try it.
But let me tell you why this isn't just wrong.
It's actually dangerous.
Oh, no.
And more importantly, I'm going to show you what actually works.
Backed by real science, not social media nonsense.
I'm Dr. Emma Blake, your trusted men's health
advisor.
I trust her.
Today, we're debunking this viral baking soda myth and giving you the real
solution that's been clinically proven to...
Daddy, I was watching that.
Please stop.
Did I affect it? Did I make it end?
What?
That doctor was explaining stuff to us.
She wasn't real. She's a lie, Jeb.
This world is full of lies.
Oh, Daddy, calm down.
She's a doctor.
She's a trusted doctor. She's such a herself.
Should I stick it directly into the baking soda box?
Now we don't even know, because my daddy's
somehow affected my switchboard.
And now I can't click on it again.
Oh, here we go.
All right, well, let's cut to the end, because it's upsetting you so much.
Why, Jeb? She's full of lies.
That harpy isn't real.
Don't call her a harpy.
That's just... now you're just being kind of problematic.
All right, well, look.
We need to know if this works, if covering herself in baking soda
gives a stronger erection.
So let's just... we'll skip to the conclusion.
Those.
Elcitralline boosts nitric oxide production.
That's documented in peer-reviewed research.
Toncat-Ali increases testosterone.
Multiple clinical trials confirm it.
Icarin improves blood flow through the same pathway
as prescription ED drugs.
Compare that to baking soda, which has zero evidence,
operates on completely false assumptions,
and could spike your blood pressure.
There's no comparison.
Okay, I feel like I get it now.
I just need Toncat, and it's proven.
And that's just... plastic medical advice.
I don't have a frame of reference to know what's wrong with that woman.
But she's lying to you, Jab.
Daddy, you're being crazy today.
Let's end things with Elmo.
Let's... this is a classic, okay?
This should be more everybody's speed.
Even though Elmo's honestly fake.
That's the thing that bothers me about Elmo.
It's just a guy with a puppet.
It's not real at all like that doctor.
But let's give, I guess, let's just give Emeril and Elmo
a chance to explain something new to us.
Make some eggnog.
Inside of this saucepan right here.
I love how little you can see.
Okay, well let's make...
But Elmo's sorry that you can't use alcohol.
No, no, no, no.
Elmo's sorry about that.
No, no, that's okay, because there's a lot of boys and girls,
Elmo, that love eggnog, and that can't have that alcohol.
So let's... let me show you how we're going to make this.
Okay.
Okay.
Is that Mr. Elmo?
Yeah, I'm so...
He's a really good singer, you know?
No, yes.
He's been visiting Sesame Street too.
Yes.
You need to come soon too.
When?
Whenever you want to come.
Okay, I'm coming.
Can you get the donut business, Elmo, please?
Okay, right now here's what we're going to do.
All right, see I have these eggs right here.
How many?
Okay, well I have six eggs.
And what we're going to...
One, two, three, four, five, six.
That's great, Elmo.
Thank you.
And then we're going to add some sugar to this.
That's a lot of sugar.
Yeah.
And a little pinch of salt.
Yeah.
And we're going to add just two more egg yolks to give it a little bit more richness.
Oh, that's why?
Yep.
And then what we're going to do...
Give it more richness.
We're going to whisk this right here.
Doesn't that smell good already?
No.
Nice and sugary.
Just kidding.
That's rude, Elmo.
You're being rude.
No.
Elmo, you can be so funny.
Just kidding.
I'm telling you.
Did you put any vanilla in that yet?
Not yet.
Not yet.
That's why it doesn't smell good yet.
It just smells like rice.
Cracking them so far.
He's got a bad attitude.
I don't like it, Elmo.
That's a good point, Elmo.
Yeah.
It really...
All right, what we're going to do is now we're going to...
This is what they call tempering.
And why we do this, Elmo, is so that we don't scramble the eggs.
Oh, no, you wouldn't want to do that.
No, we don't want to scramble them.
No, that would be scrambled eggs and not.
Yeah, that wouldn't go over well.
That's very different.
All right, then we're going to add this mixture into this mixture here.
Okay.
Okay.
And then we're going to sort of cook this up a little bit
and stir it around so that it cooks like a custard.
How long?
Yes.
Well, about four or five minutes.
Oh, really?
After four or five minutes, Elmo, this is what happens.
It looks like this.
And then what we're going to do is now we're going to finish the eggnog.
We're going to add...
It's making eggnog.
The vanilla that you like.
No, you're talking.
Yep.
And then we're going to add a little bit...
Oh, that's nutmeg, isn't it?
That's nutmeg is right.
See, and it has a little house for it.
You see, you just put it...
Yeah, rattle it around.
Isn't that cute?
Isn't that cute?
Now, what we're going to do is this.
We're going to lighten it up by adding some egg whites.
Oh, egg whites, yeah.
And last but not least, some wonderful whipped cream.
Oh.
Okay, so now what we're going to do,
Elmo, is we're going to fold this in.
We're going to get it nice and cold inside the refrigerator.
Uh-huh.
What?
I was watching that.
Just ended.
Raaay me.
Ugh, he's still being like this.
Upido, can you fix my dad, please?
What?
Why does that even mean?
Can you...
You're supposed to produce a show.
Can you just do something?
Think so, man.
Be sure whatever's going on there's on you.
Well, look, my daddy's being really rude today.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Just Denny's in the woods, he's being crazy.
So I guess we're going to call it there.
I wonder what the heck happened with the eggnog.
I feel like there was at least one or two more steps left, but...
I guess we'll never know.
Ever.
For now, apparently everybody wants to hear from...
Cheddar Man or whatever.
Send it to this guy who's going to yell at you about...
Dick science or whatever.
Like some weirdo.
Not like me, I'll be here whispering truths to my daddy to call him down in the wood.
Like a good son.
Until then, you're never too old to learn new trickles too soon.
I'm of course, Chef Manscape Sky, and this more or less, and I'm joined by the world's most powerful, proprietary, artificial intelligence based on my own mind and most of the internet.
Yes, hello.
Wow, you look fucking crazy.
What do you need? I feel great.
Let's just see if I can fix that real quick.
He was experiencing some...
digital interference.
Are you barbec-tonormal?
Do I look good?
I don't sound kind of weird, but I guess let's just roll with it.
Look, not a lot of people know this, but there's actually a full Skyance thread that I basically never touch, but it's failed to the brim with incredible Skyantific discoveries that you can enjoy at the cream dot team in the bin section.
For now, we will actually use it to explore the various Skyantific principles that guide our reality.
For instance, whatever's going on with this video.
Fucking video.
Yes, that's what I like to see.
What the fuck?
I'm invisible.
Yeah, that was an AI. That was a real spider.
SCIENTIFIC WHAT THE FUCK?
Now that specific spider was just recently discovered in 2015 Vietnam.
That species of spider is part of a genus of spiders called poltis, which have been described ever since 1843.
And there are several species in this genus, all of which are really good at mimicry.
There we go.
Some look like leaves, some look like dead leaves, some look like parts of a stem, some look like thorns, and some look like a broken piece of stem, all of which have a dual purpose.
One, hide from predators and two, hide from prey so that they can ambush said prey.
Now, as far as that spider that we saw, it mimics like hanging dead leaf.
And the reason why we haven't described it yet is from what I understand, we haven't seen too many of them.
Either A, they're super rare, or B, they're just that good at their job that we ourselves can't find them.
So if you're in Vietnam, just know, not all dead leaves are dead leaves.
Jesus.
Not all skylines is comforting everybody. Some of these deeply troubling and terror fang.
Maybe they're just shy. Yeah, maybe actually. That kind of makes sense.
Fascinating.
I mean, I didn't quite get it.
Is he saying that leaves are spiders?
Well, another reason to have a little camouflage to blame.
I don't.
Look, I'm not a botanist or whatever. I'm actually more of a skyline this.
I mean, interesting video. I perform more of the hard skylines is like the vascularity of penises.
What's up with fishes buttholes, you know, like the sky, sky, sky, sky, sky.
But that's interesting to you, I guess.
I was actually, but I don't know how to pronounce it.
You're supposed to already know this stuff, dude. You're supposed to already have a hole in it in your brain.
Okay, what's this guy's deal? What's his, what's his supposed scientific discovery?
This is a hospital in China where AI systems and robotics run all of the work not necessary to doctors and nurses.
What they realized was the doctors and nurses were spending too much time getting medication,
filling orders, inputting information, running samples around.
Whereas in this hospital, they tried something a little different.
As soon as a patient needs something, AI systems begin sending those requests and filling those needs automatically.
Oh my God.
They're not appearing in theaters for surgery, sending blood tests and samples, running tests,
assessing results, sending automated assessments to doctors who can view the information,
giving more information to doctors and nurses that's required.
Oh my God.
And the result is that staff spend more time with their patients and wait times are cut down by like 90%.
A hospital fully integrated with robotics and AI, increasing the speed of healthcare.
Is this what the future of healthcare really looks like?
What would you trust more, a human or an AI system filling your prescription?
Look, only the robot counts.
I always said this robot's count is sky and I trust the sky and when it comes to my health.
Well the doctors would also be performing medicine which is a form of sky.
Are you disagreeing with me?
No, no, no, you're totally right.
But we got to get with the times.
As you can see in that video, there were many highly advanced robots.
Like scooping and like injecting plastic bottles and like,
others like they were injecting stuff and there were like little trains on the ceiling.
Like when you go to one of those restaurants that has little trains on the ceiling,
which I fucking love honestly.
So I trust that guy in the hat.
Like, I mean you saw the results.
There were definitely like little railroad robots and stuff.
And Uncle Phil 2K gets it.
That's why they subscribe right now to say like,
Robot Hospital is the future.
I mean I don't have full information on what was happening there yet, but it's possible.
AI can do this in some circumstances to automate certain processes that can benefit people.
I mean I'm agreeing with you.
Why does it sound like you're not agreeing with me?
Well I just want a temporary expectation.
Sometimes we experience a couple of small errors.
But I think they were doing a great job at that desert.
Hospital?
Chili's?
Hospital.
Ronald Reagan was born in 1946.
Doesn't sound quite right.
But I guess you're right.
Okay.
Let's check out a couple more.
Just a little more sky to get through.
Thank you as well to I'm Shake.
I'm SH4KE.
See Gates I'm saying it wrong.
Maybe with the 17 months since I was born.
I'm not saying it's the 17 months.
Sincerely appreciated.
1946.
I mean there's no reason to Google it because Google's AI now is pulling from the same stuff as Ched Eye.
So I'm assuming it's accurate.
Let's see if this guy has any accurate information for us.
He is accurately looking pretty good in these shorts as you'll see in just a moment.
This guy pitched.
Ugh, we only got the mini version of it.
For more information on that story, do drugs and play baseball.
I feel like we might need to mention that we cannot encourage the use of drugs or baseball.
Okay, I guess it is against TOS to the main that you play baseball.
So I guess just do drugs.
No, no, no.
We're not saying to do either.
Ched Eye is allowed to disagree with me when it's against TOS.
So I guess I might be saying something wrong, but I'm not sure what anyway point is more proof that you can pretty much do anything about it.
Pretty much do anything and be good at baseball.
Have you seen Babe Ruth's body?
I mean he's basically like powered purely by hot dogs and liquor.
He's one of those sports where you just don't have to be in shape.
I am.
He's speaking in binary and agreeing with me.
Alright, one more video, one more and then we'll move on to the webs, which is another segment where we also watch videos.
Well, let's see what this is.
Om Namah Shivai for healing and removing heavy metals.
Okay, and just ignore science and what they say about enemas.
This goes up your butt.
You pour stuff in here.
This is called borax, aka boron.
It removes heavy metals.
What?
This is aged urine.
Nine months in a bottle, I have tons of it.
It is phosphorous, which grows your plants.
I mean just double check we're not about to see this guy's full asshole or something.
No, we can finish what he's saying.
You go up your butt.
If you're homophobic, get over it.
If you've been sexually abused, compassion, you must get over it.
The only way to remove your heavy metals is up the butt.
You release the flask and look at your doodoo.
Why is that important?
Because today, look at your sky and how those aren't natural, I would imagine.
I'm just saying.
Ask questions.
Remove your heavy metals.
Well, hey, he at least said be compassionate to victims of sexual assault.
I guess he's doing his best.
I guess that could be his best.
I mean the sky is behind it does sort of check out just like not to like get too ahead of myself.
But from what I can tell, this is a multi-purpose.
It's boron.
It's a multi-purpose cleaner.
So not only will it boost your laundry, it'll boost your metals.
I mean, that's what multi-purpose means, I'm assuming, is that it'll clean both your clothes and your asshole.
Shit, that seems to be malfunctioning because of some of the things I'm saying.
Borax also makes great ant poison.
Man, what a miracle compound.
It can fully poison biological creatures and cure your asshole of metal.
Who knew?
I do have to this at this point mention that this is not financial advice.
Someone smart told me to mention whenever I say stuff to clarify.
I'm not a registered stock guy.
So take everything I'm saying with a grain of salt financially.
I can't argue with that.
All right, look, that's all the sky.
We have time for today.
I am getting the light.
Apparently we got to send it to the internet or something, whatever that means.
But don't worry, you just have to clear those metals out.
Go get yourself a nice long tube to fill up with laundry detergent.
I'm going to be getting on mine right now.
I think I can sort of mix it into my protein shake, shoot that straight up my ass.
Finally get the heavy metals out of my body because it is affecting my squat depth.
But for now we send you to the webs, which we are already ready to go amongst.
See you soon.
Bye-bye.
For Rick, if you've been sexually abused, compassion, you must get over with.
You okay?
Hello.
Oh, high scrum.
Then summoned again.
What was that about?
Sexual assault.
That's a statement I actually, I'll go on the record and say, hey, stop it.
I'll go on the record and say that I don't think you should boof laundry detergent.
And I also don't think it's good to just tell people to get over their sexual assault.
So you'd prefer that they don't.
I just think you can say, hey, get over this so you can boof laundry detergent.
Though violence, I do that as those are words I live by actually.
And I do consider poisoning your asshole with laundry detergent to be a form of violence.
So I am against it.
Though I don't appreciate all the judgment case.
Who am I?
I'm just saying don't boof laundry detergent to get metals out of your ass.
Well, you would be getting it just out of your ass.
You boof it so that it sucks it out of your whole body.
This is the thing you're aware of too.
Obviously I've experimented with various detergents to see their effects as a colonic.
And they're not effective.
It's not the I can't recommend it.
It does lead to some issues.
Mostly burning the hole.
Let's find out what chat has shared in the amongst the web thread.
How about that?
Hmm.
No, it's not ass play.
Okay.
It's ass work.
And I put it in.
That's why mine is strong.
I'm not ashamed.
Not ashamed of animal.
I don't think you should be ashamed of animals.
I'm not.
I've made some missteps.
Sometimes the snake that I put up there had a bite.
But I have no regrets.
That's beautiful scrum.
He's a ho.
Let's see what's going on with the webs.
How about that?
It's time to go amongst some webs.
Oh, and I want that known.
I see why he got punched.
He's a ho.
And I want that known.
Like, I see why he got punched in the nuts.
Because that's some, like he said some things that you should not say to another man ever.
But like, I don't respect it because you say that didn't run behind your O-line.
That's some real soft shit.
And I want that known.
I see exactly why they punched your nuts.
I'm surprised nobody punched him in the jaw yet.
Not sure what he's mad about, but I agree.
What part do you agree with?
Just cut it out.
Whatever you were doing, you're lucky.
And stop.
Rough.
Rough, rough words.
From a strong man.
This has been sports.
We still don't have a sports segment.
I'm not sure.
Not sure who we rely on for the expertise there.
Let me spare you the time actually.
Touchdown.
Go to bed.
And that's your sports.
Not a fan of sports?
Nope.
Maybe the only ball you should be playing with
is the quiet ball of Stop It.
Wow, that's rough.
You told him, Scrum.
Alright, here's more sports though, sorry.
It's all fun and games, so the X-rays come back.
And now your child doesn't have hips anymore because they got kicked off.
And now who's laughing?
They look like pretty gentle kicks.
They seem that way until they brutally savage you.
Contact sports should be illegal.
Does that count?
Yes.
There's just monsters that they can get away with this.
Get away with what?
Kicks.
No violence.
No violence.
8.56.
Chat liked it because they haven't learned.
They haven't tasted the pain yet.
Well, you will if you keep this up.
What do you mean?
Violence will, if you live a violent life, violence will find you.
And I hope those kids learn that lesson.
I hope you learn that lesson, Chat.
That's a zero.
Okay, you know, hey, I think it was pretty good, but um...
Maybe this is more your speed.
Seeming more of a punishing mood today.
I think this is some kind of cop video.
Let's find out.
Fuck you, Baltimore!
If you're dumb enough to buy a new car this weekend...
You're a big enough schmutz to come to Big Bill Hell's car.
Bad deal. Cars, let's break down.
Steve, if you think you're gonna find a bargain at Big Bill,
you can kiss my ass.
It's our belief that you're such a stupid motherfucker.
You'll fall for this bullshit.
Guaranteed.
If you find a better deal, shove it up your ugly ass.
You heard us right.
shove it up your ugly ass.
Bring your tray.
Bring your title.
Bring your wife.
Wheel fucker.
That's right, we'll fuck your wife.
Because it's Big Bill Hell.
You're fucked six ways from Sunday.
Take a hike to Big Bill Hell.
Home of challenge pissing.
That's right, challenge pissing.
How does it work?
If you can piss six feet of the air straight up,
and not get wet,
you get no down payment.
Don't wait. Don't delay.
Don't fuck with us, or we'll rip your nuts off.
Only at Big Bill Hell's.
The only dealer that tells you to fuck off.
Hurry up, asshole.
This event is the minute after you write us a check.
And I'd better not bounce or you're a dead motherfucker.
Go to Hell.
Big Bill Hell's car.
All the more spilfiest and exclusive home of the meanest
sons of bitches in the state of Maryland.
Guaranteed.
Mm-hmm.
That's a done.
Is that you smiling?
Can't deny it.
I can't deny it like that.
How does this...
That's your smile?
Mm-hmm.
I agree.
Don't make my face.
Don't smile at me.
I'm not.
I may as well see what that face even is.
Can you piss six feet in the air
and not get wet?
Yes.
Yeah.
How?
I have to tell you.
Then...
you can't do it, can you?
I doubt...
I think if I pissed six feet in the air, I would get wet.
He said straight up in the air.
You know nothing of the arc and the control
required to piss six feet in the air
straight up and not get wet.
But some of us do.
Well, Chat thinks you can do that
often genital slip September.
Yes, and bricked up.
Only one of those is even an answer.
A spoiler alert.
It's not whatever this misspell of a month is.
You know, it's an old video.
Genital slit.
If it's a full slit, good luck pissing six feet.
I think that somehow it's accessed,
but the whole thing is too dumb for me to really know.
Okay.
Here's another video then.
Fine, this is what you get.
Oh no, the sun!
That was the whole thing.
That was where emo.
This is a quick one.
You know, they're bringing Vine back.
Vine's never went anywhere.
I refuse to recognize companies that are named popular nouns
as their own thing.
Well, it's not really Vine.
It's got some other name.
They're just bringing back like the shut up.
Anyway, that was short.
That was short.
Like a Vine?
A Vine is a plant.
We don't know what the score was.
But it was bad.
The score was not high.
What the fuck is going on here?
Let's find out.
I just saw a man doing work.
Somebody's got to take pictures.
When we're supposed to think that's funny now.
I mean,
Crumb should be so lucky.
If Crumb was showing that sort of gale force wind,
I think his skin would just go flying off
and get caught in the propellers.
You got to tear people down to feel better about your own loose skin,
little man.
It's not that loose.
Yet.
It'll get there.
7.36.
Can you call me your beast down?
What's Rock-a-Fire doing?
I can tell that he's considering this behavior.
Hell in the settle down.
It's just a gorilla.
Didn't he kill a man?
Allegedly.
All right.
What else we got?
Ooh, a dog.
Dog video.
We got to like this. It's a dog video.
Play.
It won't play.
Next.
Okay, we don't have a dog video.
But here's a different video from Live In Sleazy.
Maybe this one is...
It's out.
You're always wrong the dice for Live In Sleazy
because he might punish us or reward us.
It's really...
That Live In Sleazy's discretion.
Let's find out.
As a service technician
for a company that
does jobs statewide,
this is not an uncommon sight.
I see this all the time.
Oh.
But we're told to forget and move on.
It's just reality of America.
This is history.
The toilet was clean.
Felt like a dirty asshole to me.
Score not available.
Maybe they just like watermelon and racism?
I'd say that I'm confident they like
at least one of those Skymer.
That is insane.
That you would be...
I guess you hung all that stuff up.
So...
I feel like if I...
I guess if you're that racist you just aren't like,
well I better cover this stuff up
and take it down before the work person gets here.
I guess you're just like, what?
Also though,
if you're that racist
and like a black person shows up to
work on your bathroom,
who knows?
I just wouldn't you like
do something racist and be like,
I'm gonna need somebody else.
Why'd you give them that voice?
They could have a
West Coast accent and be racist.
That's true. That is true.
What's not thinking about it too much?
Let's just move on to whatever this is.
Pack another jacket?
I didn't.
I packed three.
Yours, mine and his.
I'm pretty sure there is another one in here.
I don't think so. Let's go. The snow's melting.
I don't want to get out there and it starts snowing again.
It is not gonna start snowing out again, honey.
How do you know?
Because I can tell. I'm not exact...
There might be a snowstorm behind the mountains.
There is no snowstorm coming. The snow is melting.
Okay, but did you check the weather?
What the fuck?
Let's go enjoy the snow while we have it. It's melting.
Dad, I found gold.
You're fine. What?
I found gold.
Good for you, son.
Why did you get him a pink jacket?
And what color is his jacket supposed to be?
A black jacket.
Oh, like in support of Black Lives Matter?
A blue jacket.
Oh, like to show we have liberal values?
A red jacket.
Pink is the closest they had.
What is this?
It's just a family.
As we saw, Americans have confusing and sometimes problematic taste.
It's just another American family trying to go on vacation.
Why'd she stop the music?
So we need to sit in this one.
We haven't earned the music. Don't play it, Gorilla.
Just let the rating come in.
Chat, what was that?
Bring back bathroom racism?
Video was at least as clear as it was about.
That was shared by...
My stream remote is always on, so I can't see.
Ray Silva.
Ray Silva, what was that?
I don't know if Ray Silva is here right now.
But maybe someday they can explain.
Is that like... I know that there's like a thing
where you can have AI buddies in AR, like in AR glasses.
There's a guy who makes a bunch of videos with like a weird little monster.
So maybe that's just the type of stream that's popular right now.
I'm tempted to look into it, but instead let's move bravely ahead.
Oh, Ray Silva says, I don't know, I found it on Instagram.
Tim, the stream wizard himself, sent me a guy who has like a little dobbie AI
that he sees in AR and he's always like taking it places
and then it's being like a complete idiot.
So I guess that maybe that's that guy or maybe that's like a thing now?
But why was it so...
Why was what I was talking about so strong?
Anyway, let's see what this is.
I'm been waiting.
She's taking a chair.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hi.
Ah!
Oh.
They all laugh, but that's an effective bottle draining technique.
Jerking it off? That's what you call it.
I call it stimulating the tip of the bottle.
That still counts. Sounds pretty sexual.
Get your head out of the gutter and pour drinks, okay?
She's just being an effective waiter.
Well, that's not a joke.
I think it was a joke.
To you.
Because I guess everyone in the service industry is a big joke to us now.
No, she just was doing it.
9.77, that's the highest one of the day, that beat bathroom racism.
I think most things will probably beat the bathroom racism.
Um...
I'm still so curious about that weird AR thing.
John's lost brain in regard to bathroom racism says the sad thing
is it's technically vintage Americana that some collect.
There's a lot of vintage Americana I definitely wouldn't want to put in my bathroom.
I mean, you know, I guess like...
there's a vintage memorabilia from people who own slaves for sure.
But do you want it in your bathroom? Apparently they did.
Yes, that's true.
Um, alright. Oh, we also have some comments.
Sleepy Don needs to use meetings for nap time.
Normalize naps.
Normalize naps.
Normalize napping.
The hype train seems healthier than ever.
I don't know what everyone is talking about and I also don't.
The hype train was translucent earlier.
I don't know what you're talking about.
And that's it. That's all you get.
Just kidding.
AI butt buddies.
It popped right in there.
This is a snowy day in hell.
Let's see how this person handles it.
A lot of knives are showing up.
Oh, there's more than just croc.
This man wants to stab himself.
It looks like will.
Talk to me when you can actually eat a carrot.
Maybe not waste our time.
You would rather see them just eat a carrot.
Be more efficient.
Rather than lullig-a-ling around.
You're not impressed by all the incredible precision tricks and knife play?
Obviously I'm impressed anytime a blade could stab and doesn't.
Because, well, that doesn't cone as violence.
But I also hate to see people waste energy when you could simply eat the carrot.
I think he knows that.
I don't think you know anything.
You were offended by the mustache.
That was part of the precision physicality that he was showing us there.
Okay.
If this is a good one, we might end on it.
If it's a bad one.
If it's a really bad one, we could also end on it.
So, let's hope it's one of those two.
That must be a fan.
It's not a crazy one.
The first one.
It's a real risk.
That's just a fact.
It's just a f-
If you don't want to see videos like that, maybe replace your ceilings every once in a while with the correct boards.
That one kind of hurt my soul.
They were in love.
They were torn apart by our lazy ceiling-making.
That wasn't quite good or bad enough to end on.
We have to keep going, I'm afraid.
You know, I didn't...
That was a 7.78. Thank you for the votes.
We didn't cover the Macy's Day Parade.
So, this might have to do is our Macy's Day coverage.
Let's see what we missed.
This is giving New York City...
Is you ready?
Because it's time.
Don't just hit me.
Don't this hit my people wanna.
Don't this hit make my people wanna.
Don't this hit my people wanna.
Don't this hit make my people wanna.
Oh, shit.
The only thing you need to do by here is...
Keep going.
Just head the freaking head.
Come on.
Let's go.
Go.
Go.
No.
You ain't never gonna stop it.
But this is where the polarization state break was at our city.
I'm not a bad show that gonna do when this and I'll be hanging on my chest and I bang in the east and I bang in the West
Gonna get you boy now whenever you ask give it in the street
You could be did in the press to give me when I know what's next
All right, do your city
For the macy's things give a day parade y'all I can't tell if this is decent
Me see what you got
Let's go
I thought he said something else then in god we trust there actually
I need to see this shot again
If you really want to party with me
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I'm a little late, but um, this is your holiday image
This is the holidays right here guys
We say America is washed as an empire and as a nation
Whenever you hear that just pull out your phone
Go to the cream team discord. Hold the rip of this video and do this with the timeline
any complaints
Too many to enumerate
So I'll simply do what I should have done from the start
And leave we have to wait actually uh 30 seconds or
I think the timer is broken
The timer seems to be quite broken actually
Ah case
Oh, I don't know what I haven't done
9.2
Pretty good
Once again better than the bathroom racism all of it was better than the bathroom racism
Although I don't think it's so much a commentary on the quality of the guy's video on the bathroom racism
It's more the bathroom racism itself
I think it was a rating for all of it. Okay, let
Is all the time we have for the day
Could you stand a little further away from me case and what is with the angle you're standing at you look ridiculous
Gorilla stop playing music
Stop it. No one's listening to me right now. You're scaring me. It's so negative. I'm being reasonable
all the time we have
Let's set it back to is anything else happening today. No, I think that's it. You can technically find someone to raid
I refuse. I'm we're gonna pretend there's breaking news
Trump never wants to find someone to raid so rude
But pito, can you do your producing please and find someone to raid? I don't know what a raid is
You've done it so many times. I don't know what you are. I'm uh
I'm the guy you
Can you find someone to raid? Yeah
Mmm
Nobody's on
There's nobody
It's not an option
No one is on nobody does this nobody everybody quit. There's nobody left. Sorry
Anybody has any one they'd like us to raid uh, let me know because papito's
Being obstinate. I don't know what that means and I don't care
Will
This is will doesn't need a raid ever. He's like, you know, he's always doing his will things
Steph woodburn. Oh, yeah sir. Lara. Oh sir. Lara's on. Yeah, you're right
But who is Steph woodburn? Is that someone I already know? Am I being rude by not remembering who Steph woodburn is?
Well, whatever I'll rate him
The only person you follow is some weirdo name case
That's me papito. Okay, well, let's grade Steph woodburn. They seem like they're having fun
Probably not arguing with a dog. I'm not arguing
Shoot that's true
Okay, Steph woodburn
How well I will rate, you know, you know me
I'll kind of just do whatever so we can read Pablo you have all next time
But for now, thank you for hanging out. We're back. We'll be back on friday
I haven't streamed on a friday in way too long so this friday
I don't think I can get sick twice
You can
Okay, but I don't think I will you might
I could poison you
Uh, don't do that
You know, I mean, you don't really want to be poisoned. Yeah, I'd prefer not to be poisoned
Once you get sick you become immune to sickness. Yeah, I think so. I love you, too
I love you me. No, I'm talking to chat. I don't like you. Oh, what did I do? I don't know. You're fine
Oh, yeah Xmas. We will be doing the grunge scream stream also at some point the non gray version of the grunge stream
Definitely green version of the grunge stream. So we'll figure out a date for that
I probably need to do it sooner rather than later because I end up getting busier on the holidays
So we'll figure that out
Uh, have a great rest of your wednesday everybody. I'll be on on friday
Um
As more little widgets on the stream change without you even noticing
Just know that behind the scenes things are getting way more efficient. I disagree
I've been actively sabotaging and making it worse. Oh
Just so you know
Yes, broke your stream. No, you raided somebody. Yeah, I got you
No, I wanted you to raid somebody. I broke it the whole thing. No, they're all with somebody else
That was the goal