I'm Pepito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's news it! I'm Pepito!
Oh ho ho. What a lovely Labor Day. To get punched to... not me though.
I get to skate out of this. Easy.
But the momentous day has finally arrived and we're about to go on vacation for about a week and a half.
So we may as well send the stream off right.
Little crumb crunch, but we'll be doing that at the end of the stream.
Labor Day of course is the day where you make everybody work more.
So that's what I'm doing here.
And I expect all of you are working nice and hard at home too.
Truly labored.
Will he die for good this time?
Who knows? Who knows if the gorilla even knows where to aim?
We don't know what its level of cognizance of anatomy is.
You're literally at the movies.
Put the phone away, Reverie Wolf. Don't worry, it'll be on YouTube.
You made a pizza for supper? That was smart.
That's... that is work.
Good to see everyone though, Sabrichi Reverie Wolf, John Michael Exterminator, Giggle Trash.
Coming in from YouTube, we got smart apps, oh my god.
You chainsawed an 80 foot tree that fell last night.
That's work.
You should have saved it for today though. It's Labor Day.
I actually did have, because I work freelance, I also had work today.
And also I gotta leave to pack. I gotta pack at some point tonight.
So we'll try to keep the stream moving. We'll do the crumb punch at the end.
We'll make us wait for it.
You gotta make him wait for it when that type of thing's gonna happen.
We'll miss him when he's gone.
He says he's been training for this.
That's why he's delayed this so much. He did that.
He's been delaying it.
But we've got him legally locked down, okay?
There was no escaping it. It was court mandated.
It's on 10 lotion and a clean pair of socks.
For a week and a half in Thailand? Okay.
Sure. That seems fine.
Nothing else important I need to pack.
T-shirts and shorts.
Apparently they were going when it's a little rainy.
So you might want a couple changes of clothes.
Crumb's fate tonight. Exclamation point, oh everyone.
You can let us know what it is.
I'd love to tell you but it hasn't happened yet, so who's to say?
Brand new dick. He'll live with a genital slit.
Which is fine. And respect. Cigars for everyone.
Proposes to gorilla.
And TBD.
Yeah, the crumb punch will happen.
Munch dies.
Ricochet punch.
Anything is possible. Who knows?
Honestly, maybe this vote is just what cinches it.
You're putting the psychic energy into the world and this is what will happen.
Okay.
Well, you know, we'll let this poll go.
And then we'll start the news.
It's a news stream actually.
That's what we do here.
Proposes to gorilla. Wouldn't that be beautiful?
Isn't that really what life is all about?
Jujitsu and love. Hate into love. Or vice versa.
He has been training with his steel underwear and that does seem like cheating.
I didn't, I don't know if the judge or the legal system covers steel underwear
in situations like this but I do think that's cheating.
This is a news stream. Yeah.
It's just that we're so good at it you don't even realize it's happening.
Case in point. It's actually news time right now.
I'm going on vacation too.
I'd say it's already started but
even though I don't need to take this job seriously, I do.
That's just how incredible of a newsman I am.
Even here I can't help but give it 110 news cents.
Thanks, I guess.
Thank, yes, me.
Okay.
Good to see everyone.
Oh you're having a lovely Labor Day, the day where everyone works.
That's right, that's what I said and that's true.
The foreign land of San Diego, I don't even know what you're talking about.
Huh?
You don't. No.
Where are you vacationing? The cooler Asian country?
It's not. I don't look where you're headed, Jeff.
The coolest Asian country.
Say it on three together. No. One, two, three.
I knew he wouldn't do it, he's a coward. You didn't do it.
But I know which one it is.
Hogwarts?
Is that Asian now?
Is it to make amends for naming that girl Cho Chang?
No, actually I don't.
I did see the trailer for the new Harry Potter before the episode of Lanterns.
Actually we have a clip from the episode of Lanterns.
The official White House account actually posted it.
So there are really big Lanterns fans?
Oh good, a clip from Lanterns.
From the official White House account.
I didn't see this preview for the next episode.
Sort of ominous looking.
Are they allowed to use that song?
Depends where Kanye's at, currently, in his various affiliations.
We have a request for a mixologist to discuss what a drink called a crumb punch would contain
so we can drink it while watching.
Do we have any experts in that?
I like to mix it up.
Whoa, where did Jeff go?
I'm just alternate universe case, I don't know much about drinking.
You're the same as me, we don't need to hear from you.
I like to mix it up.
Okay, great, what's in a crumb punch?
Definitely water.
Okay, mucus?
No?
Oh shoot, sorry I just gave birth.
What the fuck, can we get somebody else?
Well, I should take care of my new baby.
What the fuck even is that, a child?
Okay, there's gotta be.
Anybody else must know what's up.
Anybody else?
Uh...
Who the fuck are you?
Mixologist.
You trying to make or something a little spicy?
No, we want to know what's in a crumb punch.
Oh, so you like to mix it up.
Wait, what's in a crumb punch?
You're looking to mix it up.
Who are you?
Burf.
Burf.
Yeah, burf taco.
There's gotta be.
We need somebody, we need better improvisers on the stream.
What?
Fine, Mr. Taco, just call me burf.
Okay, burf, what do you um, what do you put in a crumb punch?
You want seven parts amaretta sour.
Amaretta sour is already a drink.
Seven parts amaretta sour.
Three parts milk.
Two parts cocaine.
I can't encourage people to make that drink.
So you just put seven amaretta sour, milk and cocaine in a blender?
Yeah, it is iced.
Is there any substitute for the cocaine?
Can it mean?
Or I guess jolly ranchers.
How is that a substitute?
I don't know.
Need to tell you.
You're gonna say I don't know.
Seven parts amaretta sour.
Two parts milk.
Cocaine, or if you don't have a jolly rancher's will suffice.
Ice.
How about red bull?
Obviously, that's in there.
You didn't mention it.
Three parts red bull.
Okay, let's bring Jeff back.
Okay, if you think it's that important that he or she'll go.
I didn't.
Okay.
You did ask for an expert mixologist, Caste.
He's calling me Caste.
Caste like bullshit to me.
Sprinkle of crack?
Are cocaine and crack interchangeable?
I don't think so.
I really don't think so.
Should we get into the news?
I guess.
I guess let's just go with that.
Very well.
Fuel prices.
Guys.
That's not the headline.
Fuel.
Fuel me.
Up.
That's the best I can do on short notice.
It's time to game with your little friend.
Intelligent cube with a cube for PS1 is the request.
What the hell is that?
I don't know, let's look it up really quick.
We're getting to the news, I swear.
But first I need to look up intelligent cube with a cube.
Ooh.
This does look like an intelligent cube.
What are we getting into today?
Oh.
Oh, uh, uh, what?
Huh?
Which part is game controlled?
That was perfect.
That's for Brandon to sort out.
How the game play works there.
I'm pretty confused.
Brandon's a genius, he's notoriously good at setting up and playing games.
So there should be no problem.
Just like there's no problem in the economy,
because fuel prices hit record highs,
which also I think means record profits.
Oh, that's a positive way to look at it.
Everyone's always complaining about prices going up.
But what about all the money being made by the high prices?
Let's hear the AP talk about how this rocks.
So from Memorial Day weekend,
we're planning on going to South Carolina to visit friends.
Because gas has been so expensive,
we have been staying home more,
and we haven't been...
Which is good for family ties.
...to travel as much as before?
Unless your family's far away.
You know, gas has skyrocketed this year.
We were doing more like weekend trips.
Gas is pretty high right now.
It doesn't help that, you know, we also have a baby.
So we also have to, you know, pay for that.
And on top of gas also being expensive,
that's not really helpful right now.
There are so many things that should affect gas prices.
So I believe what we're paying today is expensive.
Everybody wants to pay less.
Important thoughts.
It could be a lot worse.
We could do without the war.
We could do without any problems in this world.
And just leave peacefully.
Well, we could.
But you know, what a could it should have.
You're disagreeing with his take that it'd be nice not to have war?
I'm not disagreeing, I'm just saying.
There's a lot of things that could be good.
Also, you know, paying for a baby is a choice.
That's a choice.
I'm not saying it's a choice you shouldn't make.
I'm just saying it's a choice.
And we all have to be responsible for our own choices.
Anyway, I'm going to be fueling up the jet
to fly to San Diego.
You were right.
That's where I'm vacationing.
That's so drivable.
Have you heard how expensive gas is case?
You're taking a private jet to San Diego.
I'll be vacationing there for a month.
So don't expect to see me again.
I might need you not this Friday, but the following.
Okay, fine.
I'll fly it back for work.
Then I'll fly back to San Diego.
You know jet fuel is more expensive than car fuel?
Yeah, but what's your paying over $4?
Just spring for the private jet.
Or I guess you could spend money on your kids.
True.
Everything is a choice.
That's all I'm saying.
Let's move on to the chat news.
Man proceeds, pretends to hallucinate in-job interview
with an AI bot, causing it to go haywire.
This is 100% a video.
Is this literally a TikTok?
Oh, here's the video at least.
Hi there.
I'm Dana Woodfield.
You're a recruiter.
I'm Dana Woodfield.
You're a recruiter.
Hi, Dana.
Tell me about yourself.
Hi, Dana.
My name is Matt or Chick Bongo for short.
And Q3 Pipeline Salesforce kayak margin.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Chick Bongo.
So it sounds like you've been deep in the weeds with Salesforce hygiene
and managing those kayak margins during the third quarter.
Could you tell me a bit more about your professional background
and the experience you've gathered?
Yeah.
Freak Caden's walnut, a little bit of Richard.
Sprucewood, six years of sprucewood,
actually seven if you count Richard.
It sounds like you've built up a significant 10-year
over the last seven years,
your time with Richard at Sprucewood. I'm curious, did you tell me about a difficult situation you
handled during that time? Mostly pallet forward, a little bit of denim. You know, every pharmacist
is a hallway. It sounds like you have a unique way of navigating the pallet forward and denim
aspects of your work. Moving forward, what are you looking for in your next role? I mean,
two plumes of gauze and then the raccoon protocol, probably. It sounds like you are
looking for a position where you can really lean into those raccoon protocols and the plumes
of gauze. Absolutely. To make sure we're on the same page, what compensation range are you targeting
for your next move? First quarter, but sideways. Drill bit, you know? I understand. So you were
looking at a sideways drill bit range for the first quarter. Yeah. I appreciate you sharing.
Yeah, of course. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off, Dana. Go ahead. No worries at all.
I appreciate that. Just to wrap things up on my end, do you have any questions for me?
Yeah. I mean, work truck after Tuesday comes in Francis, right? So nobody counted the drums.
It sounds like there was a bit of a gap in the drum counting process after Tuesday
with the work truck in Cousin Francis. I've really enjoyed hearing about your specific
approach to things like the raccoon protocol and your time. Oh, they remembered. That's so nice.
It has been a pleasure chatting today, Chick-Bongo, and I will be in touch very soon about the
next steps. Have a wonderful rest of your day. We all just want someone to listen, don't we?
She was a very good listener. Personally, I was also impressed by his Chick-Bongo
experience and the work he did with Richard. I do think his confidence was on point.
I might get of him a second round of interviews in our 10-part interview process.
10? I got my job from a dog. Yeah, that's just one of 10. You're still being interviewed
currently. You're paying me. It's part of the interview process. Fair enough.
Is that really, are they getting, who's getting one over on who there?
Well, you are still spending your time talking to an AI agent that is just programmed to repeat
back what you say. So, on that level, the joke is on all of us? Good. Then we're all laughing.
Miriam Margoyle sounds like a run-of-the-mill racist.
What? Wait, what's this story? Oh, Harry Potter star. Miriam Margoyle.
Miriam Margolies? I don't know what his surname is. Margolies?
Under fire for racist comments about Black TV hosts. Oh, great.
Not a Harry Potter actor. Not something associated with a Harry Potter franchise being a problem.
I think you're what I would... What do you put on me? Am I allowed to say the normal?
I think you're Hayala. Hayala? What's Hayala? That's what they call it in America.
When someone isn't deeply Black. Right. I didn't even know there were shades.
There are shades. Oh, okay. And this is what we have to incorporate. They're getting nervous
now. They're getting nervous now. Who's getting nervous? Don't be nervous.
She's not nervous. That's what I want to write about in my book.
Well, that is what it is. It's about inclusion.
Not all messages of inclusion were created equal. Well, now I'm not liking the things I'm saying.
Jeff, let's just maybe not... Maybe don't comment too much. Well, I gotta say something right.
I think she really spoke for herself there. I think she said it all.
He pointed to his in-ear. They're getting nervous. I am trying to get us through this
conversation desperately. It feels like if you work on sets, I guess some people just
skate through life just saying stuff like that and they just don't give a shit how
obviously awkward and terrible it makes people feel. And so then they get to a
TV interview. It's just like zero fucking barrier. I hope Steve Harvey is Professor
of Dark Arts in the remake. Wow, Steve Harvey and Harry Potter. That might get me to watch.
What was she saying? Yellow? I didn't even... I was so concerned just generally for how
awkward it was that I kind of blacked out a little bit. It really was like condensed
Thanksgiving dinner. High yellow. I mean, that's definitely racist, but I don't even really understand
the logic of it. It's a very old term. I guess let's look it up. Should we? I was just why...
Why? They did a circle sling to describe a black person with a very light complexion.
Oh, with pale or yellowish under. What makes you be on a set promoting a movie and be like,
I gotta talk about skin tone on this? I need to talk about race right now. Well, let's be real.
A lot of us want to talk about race all the time. No, we don't. Well, we just know we're not
supposed to and that's what she's talking about. Oh, look, she didn't get to it very well,
but her point is we all have to talk about race more. I don't know if that was her point either.
Not sure what her point was other than trying to tell this guy that he's a certain type of black guy.
It usually goes to penis or race? Goes to penis or race? I thought it just went to penis and
that's your own shortsightedness case. You're not even noticing the racial ways you talk about
penises. That is possible. Okay, well, boy, that Harry Potter remake sure seems like a great idea
that's going to be a lot of fun. It could be okay, right? I just can't. I mean, I've said it too
many times, but I just can't with Harry Potter. I just can't. All I can think about is that
fucking maniac tweeting still every day. Just the most dog whistly, transphobic stuff possible. I'm
sure if I'm not even going to do it because I'm tired of doing it, but I'm sure if we went to
her Twitter right now, it would just be fucking turf city, multiple posts a day.
Honestly, I don't even I'm not judging people for like still enjoying the series. You should
enjoy whatever you can get enjoyment out of. And she wrote the books that you don't have
to interpret them in the way that maybe she wants you to. Or her ideology doesn't necessarily have
to be read into the books. I do believe you could interpret arts the way you want and maybe get
positivity out of people who have terrible instincts, but wrote interesting things.
But I don't know, I just like I personally just literally it's the only thing I can think of
whatever I see Harry Potter stuff. So it's not so much that I think people should enjoy
it. It's just that literally personally, I'm just like, I literally just see your fucking
Twitter feed every time I see what I hear like the Harry Potter music new segment penis race case.
I just think sure ideology to her ideology change somewhat. I mean, I don't there's probably like
transphobia you can find in her books if you really look for it. But I don't think that
would have been like a standout feature of the Harry Potter books. I mean, there's
the weird stuff with like the house elves. They're weird. There are just a weird concept generally.
But yeah, I think that she more or less kept it. I don't even remember the books that really even
though I did read them. But anyways, it is sad. It's sad because people should be able to enjoy
something as like comfort foodie and light as Harry Potter without her like,
very blatant transphobia hanging over it. I mean, obviously, there's also a person
of people who just don't give a shit. But I also think there's like a ton of trans fans of Harry
Potter. So it sucks for them, obviously. But you know, if you can enjoy it great.
I can't say I'm looking forward to that series though. You'd think someone all into magic
and transformation would be cool with people being whatever or whoever they want. You would
think you would think but in her own words, she's not transphobic. She just doesn't want
trans people around. Right. Those aren't her words exactly. But that does seem to be
the message that she relays a lot. Okay, anyway, let's move on. Three ways to trick Claude into
doing your evil bidding. Well, I can think of one and it's just using it. Well, that's one way
case. But what are the other three? Oh, is it a video? Oh, did we not? Oh, we okay. Sorry,
he said to click a button. AI can be manipulated. I shouldn't be telling you anything you don't
know with this first one. If you've ever tried to win an argument with a chat bot, you know
all you have to do is make the argument twice. Wait, why does it? How's that evil bidding though?
AI just wants you to be happy. And AI wants you to use more AI. It's a useful idiot.
What are the ways here? I want a trick in AI, obviously. I just think using the AI itself
is sort of the trick generally. We've already been tricked. I mean, unless you can get
actual uses out of it. I honestly don't mind people using stuff like this if there's
something functional and useful being done for them. But I just think that's rarely the case.
Um, how can there aren't just like three things we can try? And also there's more than three.
Was this written by an AI? No, I don't I'm not seeing actual advice in here. It just seems
to be I think this is just an AI article. So the three ways to trick Claude were three ways to
trick us into clicking on this. And the only trick was put it in the news feed.
Yeah, AI 100% wrote that article. Oh, one way to trick a train into rapping about piss.
Again, I don't think the train you don't think there's I don't think there's any
tricking required there. We want to have Claude write your shitty article.
It really feels maybe it's not. This is an expert opinion by Joe Procopio founder of Joe
Procopio.com. I gotta go to Joe Procopio.com and see what he's rocking there.
Oh, it's just it can assign it for like a sub stack. I'm not going to do that. Wait a minute.
He wrote an article called six ways I make my writing more human. Is there an actual
list in here? This is 100% an AI generated image though. Oh, wait, is this about how to use
is this about how to use LLM to give you a more human sounding tone? I've mercilessly
crushed my AI generated content when it pops where it shouldn't. So this guy just
generates a bunch of articles and has a website where he talks about generating a bunch of
articles. Welcome to the future. Oh, man, a lot of good stuff out there. Yeah, and you're looking
at some of it right now. You're looking at it right now, baby. Oh, yeah, you ready for that good
stuff? I'm about to I'm about to stream nonstop for two weeks straight. Actually,
we're going on vacation for a week and a half. What? I cleared my schedule. The AI
jeans on the Robo didn't even notice you're right. He's wearing some Daisy Dukes.
They don't make jeans strong enough to support robot legs yet. That's not true.
Huge jeans for a robot. Since when? I've seen the future case. The future is the world's
thickest, most advanced jeans for the strongest robot thighs. Oh, get me an incredibly
futuristic tight beat so I can explain the dark future of robot jeans to you, not with a G with a
J. I'm talking about fucking pants case. Okay, I'm curious about this. And I'd like to know more.
Would you like to? Would you like to know more? I would like to know more. You'd really like
to know more? I'd love to know more. Yes. This is the last time I ever get to talk.
Then I better make it important and talk about jeans. Well, I'll be back in a week and a half.
Oh, you're not dying? Probably not. So you're saying there's a chance. There's always a chance,
hype train. Nice. Futuristic jeans type beat. Seems like the type of thing that we want.
Futuristic jeans type beats. You know, we can even get one more segment in today if we really
want. Wait, this is all just future beats. These aren't jeans type beats. This is futuristic
Glow Raven type beat. Do you feel like you're in the future yet? Sort of feel more like I'm in
2013. Do you want a pop song? You're the one who requested a futuristic type beat. Is this futuristic
enough for you? Sort of making me think about like summertime with my girls and all of the
jeans that we wear together. Oh. Me and my girls in the field with the jeans living out all
of our dreams with our jeans and they're big and they barely fit our thighs but I've got
a big surprise when I look into your eyes. I've got jeans my guys jeans and possibly thinking
clean. They're on our robots now and we're living in the dream. We've got dungarees and we've even
got khakis but khaki jeans meaning that they come in all colors. Yes. What? Jeans, jeans, jeans,
jeans, jeans. Me and my girls wear jeans. We also wear shoes and shirts but that's
not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about jeans. Jeans is a beautiful jean whether they are blue
or slightly less blue they're still jeans. Did you know that the Romans used to clean all of
their clothes and piss? Oh, okay. That's unrelated. Today we are talking about jeans. Me and Tanner
and Suzanne and Becky at the mall and we're getting new jeans. Tanner even bought a pair of
jean shorts. Did you ever put that as new jean shorts? Yeah. They're good. Okay. What about the robots?
I'm going to it. I'm going to that. But first I've got to talk about jean jackets. That's
actually not what the focus is. That's a different thing. I mean they're still made of denim
but they're not the type of jeans that I'm talking about so you get it. Yeah, I think I get it. God,
I feel so moved by you hype drain. Thank you. That's what I do this for. To move me specifically?
Yeah, that's part of it. Is case going to take my any pissed jeans on vacation with them? No,
I don't plan on taking my pissed jeans with me. Well, you have some. Have I ever pissed in
jeans? I must have as a kid, right? Did your parents dress you in jeans? Kind of think of the
last time I pissed my jeans. You forgot? That's so sad. You forgot? I don't know if I
have. Everybody pisses their jeans case. Card King gets it. I almost certain. Maybe
I feel like all of my weird piss experiences are most are like being drunk and peeing in the
wrong spot. I don't really want to get into it. This is sad, man. You're forgetting your whole
life. You're forgetting the biggest moments of your life. Um, these beats are so bump are so like
poppy and happy today. Yeah, that's okay. What about this one? We're on a different side of
algorithmically generated beats right now. Where everything is happy. Oh, we've got a debate
demanded any last words. The debate is any last words. Probably have one last thing to say.
Oh, your last thing. If I go out, let me put this on my tombstone. Okay.
This is one little last message that I want to leave to the world.
All right. Yes. Okay. Yes. Fine. Yeah. Get what is it? Do you think the beat was going to drop?
No, I'm just thinking about it. You didn't have anything? No, I do. I'm just thinking
about the right way to phrase it. Because it's so important that I got this right.
What is with these beats today? What are the words case? Let him think about it.
Oh, he said that he knows them, but I think why are you so selectively at a loss for words?
Is this a circus type? Well, look at this. This is 1986 type beat.
Are you going to tell us your last words or not? Your last words are yeah. Now we're going.
Yep. That felt like a total throwaway statement. I thought about how to say it. You know.
Oh, yeah. We're from the city showing everybody on the streets.
Got some nice flow and piss, but that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about this.
I'm talking about this. Yeah. Now we're going. Yeah. Now we're going.
We're going to the future, but that's not my last words. My last words are now. Yeah, we're
going. Yeah. Now we're going. No, no, no. We're going. Yeah. Now we're going.
You know, there are subs to think before you are going. Yeah. Now we're going.
Yeah. Now we're going. Yeah. Now we're going. I'm getting you a different. I'm getting you.
You know what I'm going to type in? Thinking subs type beat.
Maybe this is what you've been missing type train.
Maybe you just don't have the right beats to think the subs do.
Why is this one so sad? It's such a mournful beat to think subs do.
That's because you cut off that fun beat, which I will think the subs do because that's
the type of beat it is. He's got a great point. What is his point?
Yeah. Now we're going. Yeah. Now we're going. God, that's a beautiful idea.
Yeah. It is. Yeah. Now we're going. I thought this was the beat to think subs do.
Yeah. Now we're going to thank the sub case. I was getting there. Stop rushing me.
Don't have any doubt girl. I don't even mean to pout, but I got blown to
sprawl with a hundred bits coming in as I put my last words on the tombstone.
Yeah. I've been thinking about the right things to say. Mr. President, what's up with you today?
All this is making sure that I get lots of piss to fuel up all my tanks so that I can tell you
this. Yeah. Now we're going on to the next sub that's in its sky. The future is now old man.
Yes. And it's even better than the last Peter wise man coming in with 46 blasts of subs. I mean
months. I don't fuck with nothing, but I like that a lot. Chat is back with crumb. Just stop. Mighty
eyes with the five community subs. It's all love. It's all love. Right? Rough. I'm like
a wrestler coming off the top roads with the elbow. Apple, dapple, hundred bits. Now
that's a nice fellow. We got back is 72. Oh my God. Is that new five subs? What the fuck? That's
too nice. My dude. Thank you. Yes, we do. Diggle trash into 500 bits. We all miss you. Yes, we do.
The valued newsing next week, but it's for a drink of subs because it's all fucking love.
I got them all, baby. Now I can continue saying rough.
That's your new, you like saying that word now? We've been watching Will Osprey matches. Is that
why you're thinking of wrestling? Anyway, microphone nine hung though. Oh, I thought you were done.
Well, I'm actually not though. I support the evil bidding of AI. How can I help, baby? You
can't help one way. Just be so true to yourself. Thank you. Giggle trash. Yeah. When
you let the shit go, give that hot ass ups to the mystery. Oh, Jim.
Well, the structure might go with 100 this season. I don't mean to tell you too much,
but I can't help a preach. There we go. Now we're going, y'all. Now we're going so far
that I might let that piss blow, but I might also stop because this shit was too hot. You
know that it kind of hurts when you force your piss to stop. We'll check this out. Oh,
you stop the beat. Just to prove a point. And I'm back. The beat was kind of actually naturally
stopping. I just mean, I can start and stop it. It hurts, but sometimes that's worth it.
Sometimes life is about sacrifice. Great. Merry Christmas. That's pretty far away hype train,
but a very beautiful sentiment. Honestly, you know, I know we fight a lot on this stream,
but I just want to say he's been the honor of my life. Never mind.
Oh, what was he going to say? He said never mind actually. Never mind. Other beats started.
Was he about to say something nice about us? No. Okay.
Thank you for actually thanking the subs. I got like 10 minutes of life left.
You've got a minute left. Is there anything you want to say before you say goodbye to
the people for a week? You can wear sunglasses on your feet.
Well, you can, but it won't protect your eyes. It's actually pretty. If you think about it,
it's a good point. I'm thinking about it, Jeff. How is it a good point? Well,
you've got to figure that out for yourself case. I don't mean to be too damn mean.
That's it. I don't have to wrap. I don't have to wrap all the time. Okay. Sometimes
you say a phrase. Oh, okay. This is a Mac Miller type beat. It's smoke break actually.
So maybe it's chilling you out hype train. Actually I'm pissed as fuck. I gotta kill a
cock. What the fuck? You want to kill a cock? A cook in a truck? Fuck. I don't even need to
mess with none of the other shucks when I get mad. I kill a cook in a truck and fuck.
I think those things just rhyme hype train.
Well, how are you going to kill a cock in a truck with my gun? Fuck mean to suck,
but I got a luck. Now I got my gun. I'm good. That cock and truck really need to look out.
Do you think the cucks in the truck or do you think they're separate? I don't want to
think about it, Jeff. And that's your whole problem. You really refuse to go deep on these
issues case. And that's why this news show will always remain at the level it's at.
Because your short sightedness. You do know, did you know cock and truck rhyme? Yes, I do.
Okay, just checking. Do you seem to awfully unimpressed?
Did somebody link to this? Oh, it's sesame. It's sesame.
Is it still the same thing? Oh, can you not do the, oh, you can still do the research preview.
Oh, yeah, I was considering testing the ways to trick AI's. But then there were no good ways to
trick the AI. So we're going to not talk to the terrible chat bots today. There's got to be better
chat bots even using that one for like a year and a half. Yeah, but you know, I'm a sucker for
tradition. So and also it only requires you to click on two things. But let's move on.
We've had enough. I'm sure there's more AI news in here because it's all over the news.
You're just going to ignore what the hype train did for us and move on to the news.
No, actually, call me a realist. Thank you for the 100 bits. I don't know if the hype train got
there. He probably did and you missed it in his flow. Man raises 400 ostriches after tick bite
makes him allergic to red meat. And I think I get it. It's beautiful. It's a beautiful story
of overcoming your limitations and slaughtering. You all right there? I got some hell crumb
coming out of me. Okay. Trump official strip military, Trump official strip military language
strip military language criticizing Confederate Memorial.
They're fine with the Confederate Memorial, it turns out. But it's really about history
and making sure that we've got plenty of land dedicated to Confederate history. Ah,
but you can't deny that that is technically history. Well, everything in the past is
technically history. Sorry, wait. No, I meant to say what was the other word they like to use?
Um, heritage. There we go. Oh, heritage. Well, technically you inherit the weight of all history,
so. But we've got to pick and they're picking, oops, they did pick the Confederates and that
sounds bad, but I'm just saying history. If you say the word history, you can do whatever
you want. Oh, okay, that's good. That's good to know. It's pretty useful. Trump to
communities fighting data centers, have fun being poor. It's a cyber truck too. Oh,
if he kills a cyber truck, then he'll kill both. And you thought about it,
case, or Melody Von Torture thought about it for you and you finally got there.
Great. Maybe that's what he meant. That's probably what he meant.
Wait, what did he say? Can we get the quote? The only reason that communities throughout the
USA should not want a data center is if they want to end up being backwards and poor.
Did he say have fun being poor though? I don't know if you use the exact words
have fun being poor, but that would be more of a powerful soundbite. I want to see him say this,
though. Trump, data centers. Though he said so many soundbites that you think would like
fuck you over and your entire party over in elections, and have they? Well, we'll find out
soon. They might actually have to deal with some consequences coming up, but then again,
the track record of dealing with consequences for Republicans not as high as I'd like.
And what is your message to communities who say they don't like data centers and they're worried
AI could become dangerous? Well, I look at data centers very, very carefully. I mean, being
carefully in the real estate business, I was really good at real estate. And I can tell
you if I were running a state or a town, I was a mayor or governor, I wouldn't want as many
data centers as I can because they throw off tremendous amounts of money. They don't take any
energy. What is your message? Oh my god, they don't take any energy. What are we all complaining
about? That's such a huge development that they don't take any energy. And that's coming from
the president. They throw up, I like how in his head he's like, I would want them because
if we got a bunch of data centers, I would be getting paid a bunch like I currently am as
president as many as he can. I think he legitimately means that he would love to get paid off to put
as many data centers wherever they want as possible. He would like that probably. What is that so wrong?
Yeah, yep. That's pretty classically wrong. But is it so wrong? Yes. Moving on. Okay.
Oh, we found our way back to AI News. I knew we would. Open AI's GPT-6 Astra model autonomously
completes portal in 24 hours, a fee costing just $571 in tokens. So is that a good, is that good?
Yeah, it cheated. Okay. Is that like a brag though? I can't, is that supposed to be like
impressive or not impressive? I'm not sure. I don't want to watch this at all. I think that's,
it's probably hard to, because it's the idea that now it can interface with like whatever
application so it's impressive that you can give it a game and it'll figure it out.
Yes. Also $571 is a lot to do a thing that nobody needs. It's more of a proof of concept
for doing things that hypothetically someone could need. So better than basic machine learning.
Well, I just, it hasn't been a thing for years like you teach a machine learning algorithm to
play a game with like a reward system. I guess it's impressive somewhat if you can just
put that on sticks and feed it any application and it'll eventually figure out how to use it.
But also AI like doesn't have a like a memory the way that other machine learning models do. So
I'm pretty sure if you load it up after it wouldn't have learned from Beating Portal,
it would then take it another day to beat it again. And another $571.
It's just, it's so sad that all this stuff has to be sold so aggressively,
because there's probably something interesting going on there and that it can do that.
Like I hate to just be outright dismissive of, of like the capabilities of new technology,
but it's just being sold so crazily. Everything for it is marketing. If this was just some like
research paper, like some like fan had done this, but instead it's they're investing like
$3 trillion into it every year and the entire economic future of the planet is staked to it.
And they're like, guys, great news. It beat portal in a day and it cost
10 times what the game does. The game is basically free. It was done by an early access user that
was stress testing it. I guess I don't, I guess I don't know enough about how AI generally
in LLM specifically or generative AI, whatever works to know if this is some kind of actual
flex. I've also heard for the last year that like swarms of agents are already doing
autonomous tasks. I don't know. It's just, it's just odd the stuff that gets reported out as like
good or bad about this. As someone who isn't heavily invested in at least the inner workings of like
tech and AI models, it's so unclear when they're trying to be like, this is bad and this is good.
I guess that's what weird is weird to me. It's like, it's unclear when they're even
attempting to market you something as impressive versus just like a shrug. Or if, well, you know,
they hacked all that stuff recently. And again, that was like, well, is this marketing or is
what happened exactly? And then you look into the story and it's unclear how the hacks even
happened or like, it was just security vulnerabilities that these companies left wide open.
I don't know. Why do we need an AI to beat portal? That's a pretty fair question.
But, you know, it was, there was a time when teaching a computer to play and beat a video game
was like kind of impressive. It was the sort of thing you'd see stories about. I feel like,
like, oh, we train this model to beat pro Dota players and it can play like,
whatever Zeus in Dota better than the best Zeus player in the world to be like, oh,
interesting machine learning so strong. And now it's just like they roll these stories out.
And it's just so everything is so muddy that you're like, well, what is this even
advocating for? I saw a goldfish beat Elden Ring.
I do think we should give that goldfish a trillion dollars. Well, portal is $10,
but beating it for $517, priceless. We're in the legally distinct spinoff where they couldn't
mention space. So we live in the garbage piles of the wall ease remake, essentially.
Yeah, we're in one of those knockoff studio walley movies.
But hey, those are kind of fun if you watch them under the right context.
Well, this is also probably fun, right? Oh, yes. RFK junior news. We're so lucky. Hope
you like raccoon penis because RFJK knew. Oh, wait, we did see this one. He did.
We did watch some of the cooking show. And it seemed like honestly a fairly basic cooking show.
But, you know, you're just expecting too much. It's his first one. You got to give him a couple
months. You got to develop a fan base over time case, something you never learned. No,
you develop a fan base all at once and then lose it over the years. That's my strategy.
No hoop God was there. We didn't even click on a UPI story. Was there a UPI story?
Did you try to distract me from clicking on the hoop God? We haven't clicked on a UPI
story. Okay. And if we do, there's no need. I'm already covering it case.
I'm going to find a UPI story because I bet the hoop God's on it. Well, of course,
he's they link up on every fucking one. And yet we're supposed to be surprised. I mean,
it's a pleasant surprise every single time, Jeff. I'm literally a news guy who's right here.
I'm right here. And you're all acting like some other news guys. So goddamn hot.
We'll find him. We'll come across him in one of these. Oh, good news.
You just had to do it. You had to do it. We literally had to do it.
First of all, deer spends time in Florida homes bathroom swims in pool.
Is the door closed or fun? Oh, well, isn't it kind of bad for the deer?
Unless it's relaxing in the pool. Nice book. Well, let's let's try to
I wonder if we could block it a little bit. I know he did.
But if we'd kind of blocked it off and just gave him the one way out,
I can't see him. Show us that. Oh, wait. Is he in the, he's in the bathroom.
He's just staring at the wall in the bathroom. He's just kind of stuck. He's in froze mode.
He's in froze mode. Oh, they're going to poke him with a stick. Oh, really long.
Oh, jeez. Hardwood floors. Not the friend of creatures with hooves.
Oh, he's in the pool. Come on, bud.
He's having an okay time. All right, he's out. He's out. He's out.
And back in the house he goes. He's going to come back this way. He's coming.
Close your doors, my man. Oh, back in the pool.
And out. And, oh. Never mind.
Any difference? First time I've had a deer in a house and 23 years in my
Don't call the cops on a deer. But my instinct, if I'm in danger,
or even minorly perturbed is to call the cops. It's an interesting instinct you have there,
Jeff. So don't do that. Well, maybe it's the only option if you're worried about
getting attacked by a deer. I don't know. I've never been in that situation.
I don't know if it'd be my first instinct to call the cops on a deer.
I feel like I probably would have done what the cop ended up doing and poking it with
a long stick, but then I could also imagine just smashing my house to pieces. So
maybe I have the wrong instincts. Oh, what the hell? Snuck him up on me, case.
Second, 2026. Police in Washington responded to a 911. Oh, more animals trapped everywhere.
And wound up encountering a literal cat burglar, a bobcat. The Kirkland Police
Department set a resident in the Moss Bay. He's doing a hiss.
Called 911 recently to report loud banging in their home that they feared
clanging and bang. Officers arrived to find a home invading bobcat perched at the top
of the stairs. Police used a drone to monitor the movements of the cat burglar
inside the home from a safe distance. The drone was able to guide the feline to an
unoccupied room to await personnel from Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Scary. Wildlife officials sedated the animal and transported it to a wilderness area near
Forbes Creek. Police determined the bobcat had most likely climbed a tree and jumped
into the house through an open window. They suspect it may have been pursuing
the resident's cat, which was later found unharmed inside the home.
He makes such efficient use of b-roll.
Oh, we heard about this.
Oh, they found their lost island.
I think a bit more is a big floaty.
that the island has now been rediscovered along the shoreline, in a position more than 18 miles from
where it was originally seen. Spokesman Bob Gammer previously explained the island likely formed
over the course of several years. He said driftwood can accumulate along the shore and
We heard about this, but honestly, he's kind of covering it better than we did.
Fuck you, guys.
He said the island likely broke free from the shore due to the rising water levels in the
reservoir. I literally knew this. I already knew this.
I literally called it, it's a floaty. You cut Ben off. It's the last story. He's only doing two today.
Damn, he's teasing us. He did only do two.
But he covered that story so well. I covered the story well enough. I said all the same stuff
more or less. More or less covers a lot of ground there, Jeff. Oh my, I should just
quit. But instead, I'm gonna talk about this monkey. Is this even legal? MMA fighter claims
he'll take on a chimp in a pay-per-view fight. He's gonna lose. Chimps will tear people apart.
Well, you might unfortunately abuse an animal in the lake, not really fighting back.
If you actually tried to fight a chimp, it would just, it could rip you apart.
It's, it is, it's A, it's animal abuse. B, in an actual fight where a chimp wants to fuck you up,
it just can. How strong are they? They can just rip your, they like,
mangle people horrifically all the time and like snap your bones like twigs.
How much stronger are chimps than people? Isn't it like, they're like just way stronger?
You ever seen that video of like the orangutan just yanking the sumo wrestler over?
They're 1.3 to 1.5 times stronger than humans in tasks like jumping, like pulling and jumping.
Maybe that's why they're so good at pulling your face off. You're telling me a man getting
punched by a monkey could be a pay-per-view quick call match. I think it, I think if the monkey
winds up and does a swing. But yeah, I guess they're like 1.5 times as strong, but that is
quite a bit stronger. In my opinion, 1.5, you can train to be that strong. I don't think you
can. I don't think you can train chimp strength. Also, the video is of an orangutan pulling over a
sumo wrestler. And if you need proof, I just have to make sure I spell orangutan correctly.
Yeah, here you go.
Champion sumo wrestler, Keith Ononami is 32 years old. He's said that 5 feet 10 inches tall and
weighs in at a whopping 363 pounds. I spelled a ring, it's saying wrong, by the way.
Okay, no, I spelled it right. She's 13 years old, which is about 21 in human years. She stands
at 4 feet tall and weighs in at 180 pounds, which is almost exactly half that of Keith Ononami.
The official starter is tying the rope around Keith Ononami's waist.
Did they get the orangutan in a little sumo? The ghee thing or whatever it's called?
He did that or a diaper. I can't quite tell.
Our starter is in position. He's got the traditional sumo wrestler goombai in his hand.
And when he lowers that, the contest is on.
He's trying to pull her in. Even with 363 pounds, he won't be pulling a brick wall.
And now she's getting mad. There she goes.
I think Keith Ononami's going to have to stand up. Possibly pull her into the mud.
They're both sitting down. It's just a stalemate.
It's trying a little harder than he described it.
It just doesn't look like it's trying that hard than they are.
But I mean, there's no guarantee that sumo didn't throw.
It's a betting culture, you know? Sumo wrestling? Isn't it literally?
Just saying. I'm pretty sure that orangutan had it pretty easily.
It looked like it was pretty much just chilling out over there.
Winners eat losers? That's true, guys.
In life ended orangutan V sumo contests.
Was that Spike TV? Yeah, which is always trustworthy.
It's important stuff that Spike TV was doing. I actually don't know what that is from.
Amazing fight series.
See this, we're just behind the time. We've already been doing this.
It used to just be on Spike TV.
That's why medias, everything's going downhill, you know?
Used to get orangutan versus sumo on Spike TV, and now you gotta pay for it on Pay Per View.
I don't know what the name of this series is.
But I'm sure we could figure it out.
But will we? No, it's too much work.
It came on after CSI reruns. Is Jeff insinuating it was a work?
I mean, it was literally fiddled for like a cable news channel.
What? How come you don't trust the sanctity of orangutan versus sumo contests?
Pros vs. Joes Animal Edition? What a name.
What was Pros vs. Joes on? Was that Spike TV?
Yes.
They're on the shooting.
The kennel is already packing.
It was on...
It was on Spike. It was on Spike, as I'm sure Chat was already pointing out.
You could just wait and look at the chat case.
I know, but we'd like to be proactive here and incompetently Google things ourselves.
Well, that's the right way to send off the news before we take a news break.
With the Pros vs. Joes Animal Clip from 15 years ago?
Mm-hmm. Up to the breaking minute news.
Time for those little pimples.
Krom calls his balls to poof into the dust.
Is that what's gonna happen? Am I?
Will Kendall throw the ring into that volcano that just erupted?
Is that where you're going?
No, I don't think we're close enough, so I think I'm safe.
Future hype train pisses with the girls.
Strong flows.
I agree. I agree, propaganda.
Will you bring Pepito with you?
Um, I don't think Pepito can clear costumes because of the amount of
illicit substances that he accidentally contains in his stomach.
He eats actual poisons. I've seen him do it.
I don't know if you're allowed to transit those between national borders.
National borders.
Did the hoop god fuck Jeff's-
You wish that, that would happen?
That's your comeback?
You would like to see that, wouldn't you?
Would you like to see that?
No! It didn't-
Nuh-uh!
Does binstaff get paid time off?
Yes.
You do?
You should know this.
I just put stuff on the company credit card when I'm off.
You know, if you take out enough credit cards,
they'll never-
The credit never actually catches up to you.
That's not how credit works, case.
Well, it works for now.
Do we need a new tie at bin?
It might be about time for a new tie.
It might be about time for a new tie and a new background.
And just a general spring cleaning of the stream, but one thing at a time.
That can be a season four bin.
Or in seasons?
Yeah, this is the end of season three.
How does that work?
I don't know.
It's season three.
So this is a season three finale.
What was the season two finale?
The last crumb punch.
Okay, what was the season one finale?
Munch dying?
Munch died too?
Well, sort of.
And there you have it.
All right, whatever.
Uh, anyway, let's send it to Brendan.
We'll end on crumb.
Well, Munch forgetting who he was.
There's too much lore on this fucking channel.
I know.
I'm aware.
Fortunately, it doesn't actually matter.
But you know, it does matter.
Brendan's got to play a game.
He's got to do it right now,
and it's features cubes,
and it might require a rom that we don't have,
but we'll figure it out.
It's game time.
Mom, I literally just started.
I love you rummaging around in there.
Yeah, I got to move my cords around
so that the camera doesn't have cords in front of it.
I have a big cord pile on my computer.
And I usually shove it in front of my camera.
I have to shove it over when I want to.
Well, I want you guys to see me.
If it's all the computers come with cords,
you got to shove them places.
Anyway, whatever.
Silent burp.
That's out of respect.
Um, okay, today we're playing, um, um, um, um, um, um.
Intelligent cube.
Let me see if I can set this up.
Oh, wait, Lyman's Luzi already has it.
Yeah.
Is it one of those ones that's just...
There, it's not previewing.
Okay.
Do I need all?
Wait, Lyman's Luzi probably...
Okay, do I need all these files?
Or do I just need one of them?
Should I download all of these?
Oh, wait, maybe I can just download all.
Brand eject of lore doesn't matter.
What does that mean for Gooters?
Does that mean Gooters isn't re...
Gooters Israel?
I haven't been to that one.
I don't know what you mean.
Like, yeah, Gooters isn't lore.
It's an eatery that has an honestly impeccable
delivery service.
If you subscribe to it's subscription based
family delivery eatery model.
That's not even me promoting it.
It's just a fact.
Play it online.
Finally, it'll for me.
Yeah, it's a great point, Brick.
It is good when I'm here.
Kind of like the best to do it actually.
So a lot of people say I'm the best to ever do it.
Okay, Lyman's Luzi is kind enough to share a different link with us.
It requires less thinking for me,
which is it's a mistake to ever think too hard.
Let's see if it works.
Shit, it's a big great game.
It's got to download apparently.
You missed the begging today?
If you need to do it on all the ROM,
you just need the 7Z file and zip them.
Okay, I'm sure I can do that.
But hopefully this will just work.
I have a very powerful web browser, so come on.
Oh, it's working.
Okay, let's see if I can get the controller to work.
Select.
Oh, why doesn't my controller register anymore?
It's so sad.
Do I need to use a different plug?
My freaking headphones fell off.
Why can't everything just work immediately?
We're missing whatever this majestic intro is.
It makes me so sad.
Oh, it's doing the thing where it just doesn't recognize me having a controller.
Whatever.
We'll just play with the keyboard, I guess.
How hard can it be?
This dream is brought to you by
Gooters getter soggy cola dipped chicken skins for just $59.99.
Today only.
Gooters, damn them some wet-ass wings.
Yeah, that's...
Beautiful.
That's honestly well said, Brick.
That's true.
They are really wet.
Oh, I was trying to figure out which button was start,
and I think I started...
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Dude, what again?
Wait, what again?
Is my controller working?
Shit.
Is there any way I can get the controller to work?
Because this is actually hard.
I think I lost, but...
Press any key.
Why?
All right.
I just have to figure out what the controls are.
Because I...
Is there like a camera control?
Fuck, I think because it has like an...
I hate cubes because they have walls on all six sides.
I like boxes.
Why doesn't the controller just work?
Fuck.
So you can hide in them and crawl around sneakily.
Okay, wait, I think I figured it out.
I think maybe I figured it out.
Select.
Okay, we're good.
We're freaking golden now.
We're golden.
Up.
Down.
Left.
Right.
Maybe they just already work.
Let's see if they already work.
Oh, I think we're...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, continue.
We're locking in now.
First stage.
Jesus Christ, though.
I still have no idea what this game is, or...
Like, what the fuck am I supposed to be doing?
Again, do what, though?
I have no idea what's happening.
Is there a training?
Is there like a how-to?
Rules, okay.
I call it eternal rubber fad.
Mom, I'm trying to learn.
Basic player only.
Basic rules.
Okay.
The concept of the game is to try to capture the cubes.
Oh, I'm not playing.
The player can mark a spot on the stage by pressing the X button.
By pressing the X button again, the player can deactivate the mark.
Okay.
The game is played by marking a spot and then successfully deactivating the spot.
Okay.
Now, let's try to capture a cube.
First, mark the spot where a cube should be captured.
When the cube is about to land on the marked spot, press the X button.
Mark the spot is then deactivated, and the cube is captured.
You know who's really smart?
Repeat this to capture all the necessary cubes.
That Matt Liddell.
He has tattoos of his face.
Yeah.
If any cubes are left to fall off the stage,
the number of fallen cubes will be calculated on the block scale.
Every time the number of fallen cubes exceeds that of the block scale,
the player loses the last row of the stage.
Okay.
The player must prevent the cubes from falling off the stage.
Am I talking over the rules?
Sorry.
I'm trying to learn the rules.
Brick, I need to learn this.
Or I'll never learn the rules.
When the cube is avalanche by the cubes and falls off the stage, it's game over.
I saw that.
I felt that.
It's a really clear audio.
IQ is measured against the player's efficiency in capturing the cubes,
as well as the total number of cubes captured.
The mark.
His IQ was zero.
Oh.
The cube is intelligent, Brandon.
You are not.
Use that to your advantage.
Dumb as blind.
Don't show a noser.
What?
Oh, I don't have to be intelligent?
Interesting.
I can out source my intelligence.
The cube.
Okay.
I like the sound of that.
Shit.
I hit it too soon.
I mean, why?
No, I've been smushed.
No, I failed.
Why are some green?
Why are some of them green?
What does it mean?
Green cubes are poison?
How did I have an IQ of 900?
That seems high.
I could have told you that.
The pressure of your brain was classified as abnormal or calcified.
All of the greats of history were abnormal at some point.
Oh, god damn, I got smushed.
So what?
I hate this.
I don't know.
Are you really smart?
You said that already, mom.
Okay.
Okay, I'm gonna get into a rhythm.
Is there some, like, efficient way to eliminate the cubes?
I don't really understand.
It seems like you have to eliminate every cube.
Oh, I hit it too soon.
I died.
Toddler, you were so cute when they kept falling on you.
You're crying not so much.
So you were happy I was crying as a baby?
To speak, you remember playing this as a PS1 demo?
I wish I had that foreknowledge, but I'm literally entering this blind.
That's why it looks hard, but pretty soon I'll conquer it.
Don't worry.
Okay, wait.
I just have to be patient.
What? Why are these black now?
What? Is that good?
So wait, can you only destroy one cube per?
And why are these green now?
Do I need to, maybe I need more tutorial?
I feel like I'm missing some important element of this.
That doesn't work.
Oh, I, like, can't.
Okay, the green ones keep me from blocking certain cube spots.
All right.
I guess that introduces strategy?
Somewhat?
Their strategy, I guess, turns out.
God, okay.
I don't think I did this intelligently enough.
Um, okay.
Oh, shit.
Oh my God, Brandon.
You can't just ask the cube why it's black.
What? It was, though.
It's, like, not a judgment.
It's just a fact.
Don't be fucking weird about it.
Stop being weird to me about it.
Okay, I've created some problem areas in here.
This music is very, like, epic for what's happening.
I can't pay attention to anything about the cube right now, okay?
It's a very challenging cube situation.
I've figured it all out.
Oh God, I tumbled to my doom.
No!
I got smooshed.
Everything went wrong.
Oh, I lost.
I quit.
I quit.
I give up.
Just kill me.
I just want to die.
Just all gets away from you.
What's the best way to absorb a gorilla dick punch?
Um, probably, like, a bigger gorilla in front of your penis blocks it.
That's kind of like a good guy with a gun.
Kind of only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun.
Only a good gorilla can stop a bad girl from punching your penis.
A problem area.
My IQ was five?
How good was higher when I died?
Literally, I did better when I was a dead.
Is this just the same thing again?
First stage.
The green block blows up the triangle.
I don't know what that means.
Like, if I do a green block on a green block, it does something good?
Yes, it is.
And I feel kind of crazy about...
Oh, should I do it too soon?
No!
No!
God damn it.
I blame the controls.
The controls got in my way.
Oh, I just learned...
Okay, I learned you can speed the cubes.
You can make the cubes go fast by hitting Y.
I was experimenting with the buttons.
700?
I'm smarter...
It's telling me the smartest thing I can do in this game is die.
Unless low scores are good?
Your friend is trying to hit triangle.
First stage.
I don't know what triangle is.
Oh, what the fuck?
I don't really get what I did, though.
So wait, is that...
Oh, I think I wasted it.
Okay.
So the green ones create, like, super mines, kind of?
Okay.
And the super mines hang out from the previous one?
Okay, it's feeling more like a game now.
Oh, shit, I fucked.
Shit, I didn't even do that.
The score is insane.
Shit, I did it.
I keep double tapping.
Oh, well, I guess it was fine.
Okay, so the green ones do create, like,
mine.
Okay.
I don't know the controls.
So don't say that to your son.
I'm your beautiful boy.
It's fucked up to say that to me.
Okay.
Shit, that wasn't efficient at all, it turns out.
I'm gonna get a dumber score now for being dumb.
This game says I'm perfect, so...
To all the haters, like, check the scoreboard.
What that one does, though?
I don't know what the black one's been.
I'm talking about cubes again, okay?
Come on.
What?
Get out of here.
I fell again.
Shit, I did that wrong.
Oh, god.
Oh, my god.
Because it was going so poorly.
I'm running out of cube space.
I'm not intelligent anymore.
No, I died.
No, I'm not intelligent.
Okay, look.
My IQ of 34,000 seems pretty good,
like, compared to a lot of people.
Like, Einstein was probably only at, like, 200,000 or whatever.
And if you're, like, a quarter as intelligent as Zeinskine,
I don't know if I did the math right there,
then I think you're pretty smart.
Don't destroy the black cubes?
Look, I only was killing all the cubes,
because I was killing all the cubes.
I thought that was what you had to do.
Okay?
You all said I was dumb, but I have an IQ of 34,000.
What's yours?
I literally...
And that's my first time measuring it.
Mom, what?
He doesn't know what the three black cubes mean.
Ha!
They are similar to the three seashells,
like in the Demolition Man movie.
He didn't say Demolition right,
and I know that because my IQ is so high.
So take that.
Okay, look.
There's stuff to do today.
I tried to be a smart cube man,
and I think I did my best.
So I'm going to send it to the...
Apparently, so there's a big debate or something happening.
Over...
Over what types of cubes you're allowed to explode,
or something, I don't know.
I don't watch this stream.
So it's not my job to know.
But thank you for recommending a game that proved how smart I am.
And I hope you all learned something today,
but how smart I am.
Mom, what?
Literally what?
Literally what, mom?
Nothing.
Nothing to say.
What a surprise.
Okay.
Why'd she even knock?
Is she fart or something?
Okay, I'm gonna send it to the next thing.
Anyway, I did it.
I'm smart.
You saw it.
Okay, bye-bye.
Are we done?
Oh, what the hell?
Are you trying to get out of this by being in a negative zone?
From which there is no escape again?
Ridiculous.
Let me fix this.
He thinks just because he negates reality,
we're not gonna smash his penis to pieces.
Think again, I can literally fix it with my magics.
It's just that easy for me.
Boom, back from the void.
I don't understand what...
I saw our studio,
so I don't know why you're hallucinating again,
but everybody could see that I'm not hallucinating
and you are trying to get out of what must happen today.
It's not often I get to say this,
but I am happy to see you today
because it means you did not change your name
and find a different country,
which you should have done.
Find a different...
Yeah, I know where other countries are, Munch.
I've been training for this.
I'm not afraid.
You're not afraid of getting your penis punched.
Where's the gorilla?
How come he's not in here?
He's coming in.
He doesn't have to hang out.
He's not operating on your schedule, Crumb.
Well, he has to.
Or at least the schedule of the court
that mandated this happen.
This, they did bring back penile punishment as a...
As an option for, you know,
making up for your crimes.
I'm still confused about how I...
Why and how I have to do this.
I literally just am a businessman
who started a forward thinking urinary health company.
And I for one, don't see how that's a crime
because of all the crimes you did up
when you had that company.
The debate today, by the way, is any last words.
And I think your last words should probably just be,
this should have happened sooner.
Those were terrible last words.
Terrible last words.
Yeah, but for you they're the only ones that make...
Do you just do my voice?
For you they are the only ones that make sense.
She oh good my impressionist of you.
Yeah, my impression of you is good too.
I am Crumb.
That's Marvin the Martian Steel you son of a bitch.
You think I'm gonna die?
And all you can say to me is good?
That's literally all I've ever said to you
is I hope you die be good if you did.
And that's still all you've got to say.
Yes, I haven't changed.
Well, you apparently, according to you,
you brought me back from the dead.
So you better hope I've been training my penis to handle this
because you can't handle anything changing, okay?
That's not true.
I've experienced 16,000 years of change.
I'm still rolling with the punches,
adapting to media as it comes,
and looking better than ever doing it.
I feel like I've seen you age in front of my very eyes.
So I guess the 16,000 years are really catching up to you.
Meanwhile, a lot of people say I'm looking just as fresh as I did at 52.
I literally debated the devil to get him back.
Well, the devil wasn't punishing you right was the problem
because I went down there and you were somehow,
I would never say thriving,
but you were doing better than you should.
I would not have a good time in hell.
So I certainly hope I don't end up there
because praise be to Jesus Christ.
I am a proud Christian and I don't intend to go to hell,
but I also don't intend to get my penis mushed
and have that kill me either.
I've been training, been using weighted logs.
What? Logs are already a weight,
but I made them even heavier.
Put 45 pound racks on logs.
I'd swing them into my penis.
I can absorb, frankly, what medicine says
is an impossible amount of blunt force trauma
directly to my penis now.
In fact, the doctor, when I went to see him,
said that my body long longer makes sense
and I don't have human organs,
but I still have a penis.
So I don't really know what he meant.
What? Look, I don't know.
I'm confused as anyone.
Apparently there's some comments coming in.
Does Krum get his points back if he survived?
I think I should.
No, we didn't agree to that.
So there's no need.
But that would make a lot of sense.
I'm definitely way ahead of you in the actual score.
No one knows what that is anymore.
There's a record of all these terms.
You can just go back and add my points back.
No one knows.
It's lost to time.
The technology to change points to that extent
is lost technology.
I have a button.
I could literally adjust it myself.
Well, you better adjust your attitude
because your penis is going to adjust into a crater.
Does Krum feel about the black cubes?
How does Krum feel about the black cubes?
I think they're beautiful.
I had a tungsten cube for a while on my desk in 2002
when that was a trend.
Not because the crypto guy did give me one,
but that wasn't when I had it.
And I did lose it.
It was a heavy cube, so I'm not sure how.
But if anyone knows where my tungsten cube is,
this is my point.
I'd like it back.
Why would anyone know that?
I don't know.
I just, someone asked about cubes.
Will this give Krum superpowers
and turn him into Professor X?
I can laugh about my hair situation,
so I see the resemblance there.
But I'm not psychic,
so I don't know what's going to happen.
But I am a hard worker,
so I do expect success today.
What is success in the context
of getting punched by a gorilla?
Taking it.
Power bottoming that gorilla.
Power fronting, actually.
Power front bottom is what I'm going to show today.
Did you just fucking listen to yourself?
Yeah, and I don't, and I like what I said.
And it's true.
I've made my front bottom very powerful.
The bottom half of my body at the front
is stronger than ever.
And I think it can absorb a lot more
than you're expecting.
So I'm going in with confidence, okay?
And you're not stripping me of that.
And I'm not stripping my pants either.
And I am not wearing,
I'm not wearing,
I'm not wearing anything.
You don't hear any tings.
Ow, I hit it a little hard there.
I hit it a little hard there.
But I thought, but I'm used to it.
That's how much I've been training.
I can smack my penis pretty hard now,
and I only react a little bit.
That hurt you?
Your own force there.
It only, I wasn't braced.
It's like Houdini.
If he doesn't hold his breath, he can die.
Was that a beard?
The only beard here is,
I'm not going to make any jokes
using the low-hanging fruit of homosexuality
and beards actually.
I've actually moved beyond that type of thing.
Can you get your penis punched already?
We have a debate first.
Any last words, crumb?
No.
And yes, you should have them.
Well, I'm saying no, I don't,
because I don't need them today.
How many times will crumbs get gorilla dick punched?
Just the one.
I don't know if they necessarily
court mandated more than one,
but I'd like to see more than one if needed.
One is the answer.
How many gorilla punches does it take?
Okay, who's trying to rush?
I'm doing the comments.
Well, you, when you set up the debate,
you fucking idiot if you want it,
but we need to get to this, all right?
We, people pay good money for this.
What?
Technically, I'm pretending people did actually pay for it.
Oh, maybe not necessarily this, but
on some extent, people paid to see this.
Wait, what?
I don't need last words.
No one is dying today.
This stream will end with everyone intact.
Okay, I'm tired of everything on this stream
culminating in violence.
It's not needed.
Today, I'm going to show that you can see violence
and turn the other penis into the other pant leg.
When you see violence,
you can adjust your penis into the other pant leg.
That is the message I want to give to all of you today.
Now, everything needs to result in violence.
You can resolve things amicably,
sometimes by training your front bottom
to absorb tremendous impacts
so that it's not even really a show of violence.
It's a show of athleticism.
That's what I'm showing today.
I'm showing how athletic my front bottom has gotten.
And I think you're going to be really happy with the results
because I don't, I think at the end of the day,
all of us really want to see each other succeed.
Okay?
So no last words needed.
My only last word today is I'll talk to you again soon.
You should have last words.
I mean, it'd be great if you never talked again.
What you should really have is the final words of just,
those were it.
I would like to know what the last words are
so that I know that I never have to hear you again.
I don't fucking care what the words are.
They'd probably be something like
cuck-man-ays or whatever the fuck is going on in your brain.
And I don't even need to hear that.
I just need to know that this is the cessation of crumb, all right?
That's all I'm looking for.
So last words are a beautiful thing in that context
and you absolutely need them.
So it's a big yes
because you're going to speak for the last time today
when somehow the trauma from your penis
travels up to your brain and makes it explode
because that's how that shit should work, all right?
And I don't care what the doctors say.
Belief is what rules the day
and I believe you will die.
And I'm happy to see you.
Usual psychotic nonsense as usual from you.
I didn't finish the comments though,
so I'm just gonna, I'm gonna do this at my own pace.
How many gorilla punches does it take to get jizbo back?
Wait, who won?
You didn't even notice that I won?
I know, I didn't know.
You're trying to trick me.
And I will take this win in.
I'll take that momentum
and I'll take it all the way to my dick.
Fist, well, I'll take,
I'll take a gorilla's fist all the way to my dick
but the momentum of the victory
is carrying the gorilla's fist into my penis,
safely absorbing, dispersing the damage
like a Black Panther suit.
I'm not trying to steal any culture there.
I'm just saying my penis will act
like the vibranium suit that Black Panther wears.
I've been training it to do that type of thing.
And I'm excited.
Honestly, I'm excited.
I'm excited.
I'm not afraid.
You look afraid.
I don't, don't try to psych me out
by saying I look scared.
Obviously, I'd be a fool not to be a little afraid
but that's both fear, bravery
is when you are scared of your penis
and you have one anyway.
I mean, when you,
bravery is turning your penis into the Black Panther suit.
My point is it's okay to be afraid.
When your little wee wee falls off,
can Pepito have it for his collection?
Does he have a collection of those?
I don't know.
He's got all sorts of weird shit.
Can he have it?
Fine.
You know, if my penis goes rocketing off,
Pepito have at it.
I've had it for a long time
and it served me well
with several beautiful children and a wife
that likes to be a wife.
Who is going to stop the gorilla
from punching more than one?
That's a great point.
I won't and you can't.
You think you could stop the gorilla?
I could survive anything.
I could, and I can't wrestle anyone.
Since when are you a wrestler?
Since the ancient Assyrian pre-Olympic days
when we had a thing called the dust off.
It's not what Assyrians...
Yeah, we had a big festival called the Dust Off
where we'd fight in the dust
and it was when real men would do a real man's shit
and I'd go wrestle anybody back then
and I still can.
Praying for the safety of rock a fire's fist.
I think that's actually very magnanimous of you
and I too wish him a good game
and a good punch
because he's going to have to bring his A game.
Everybody's worried about my penis breaking.
What about his fist?
You see what I did at the end there?
Punching is dangerous.
That's why people wear gloves.
Yeah, but they're usually not punching a bowl of mashed potatoes
with a little one inch worm hiding in it.
It'd be nice actually if it would get down to one inch.
It's inconvenient.
That's what they don't tell you about having.
Well, I don't even call it big.
I just call it inconveniently long.
Can we do this thing already?
Can we?
I am...
This is my day.
It's literally all about me, Munch.
And I bet you get...
No, I literally...
I parade for this shit
and it is happening now.
And it's a beautiful day
and you're not taking it away from me.
So can we fucking get down to work, please?
All right, fine.
Let's do this.
God, it's just stuff like this that makes it all worth it.
Seeing you get your penis destroyed by a gorilla.
That's right.
Go get out of here.
Bye-bye.
Go, go.
See you later, never, maybe.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Woo.
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
Doom, da doom, da doom, da doom, da doom.
That's an Undertaker extended remix.
You're gonna die.
I trained for this.
Come on.
Bring it on.
I can handle it.
I can handle it.
Bring it on.
Remember, Munch?
What the heck?
Oh, man.
That was a shit load of fire.
What the hell?
Um, Awakened Sinister Dev, I'm not sure what you...
Um, I think we've had a little accident here.
A little fucking accident.
What do you mean?
What the fuck was that bullshit?
Go get punched again.
Um, I think we maybe need to take five minutes
and just sort through a couple of...
Sort through fucking what?
I have waited for this shit.
So there was some type of misfire here.
Go dust off the fire off Rock of Fire Guerrilla
and make this shit goddamn happen.
Hang in...
I don't honestly...
I don't need to hear about hanging posters right now, okay?
I need to see you hanging your stupid penis out of that pants
so that the gorilla can aim properly.
Those are not regulation fucking khakis, okay?
Clearly you changed pants between...
When you showed them off earlier, the different color...
Uh, Munch, I think maybe you need to...
I think maybe we should just...
Who knows what just happened?
Accidents happened during stunts.
And you fucking play...
You went all fucking demon mode is some bullshit, Munch.
I just think maybe you need to...
Call them down and register maybe a couple things that could have happened.
What the fuck?
I don't need nothing other than the sweet release of...
Punching you...
Not me doing it, but someone else crushing your penis!
You're a skeleton.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, I meant to do that.
What?
I meant to be a skeleton.
To show you what it looks like when you commit to violence, okay?
You don't...
You didn't suffer the consequences of violence properly.
Well, let this be a lesson to you.
Real men?
We take that shit and stride and we let that damage impact us, okay?
You're saying it's good that you're a skeleton.
I'm saying I meant to...
It's fine.
I'm f...
It's good.
I look...
You're lucky I got good bone structure.
So, like I give a fuck...
Missed me with that bull.
I caught that I literally meant to get hit by that fireball.
It's okay Munchy.
Something bad has happened.
I apologize.
I don't need apologies.
I need to see...
You didn't...
You cheated is the fucking point.
This is a ridiculous miscarriage of justice.
I look fucking good.
I'm seeing myself in the mirror.
I'm like, yeah, that seems about right.
That's just what I figure my skeleton looks like.
So...
Get back over there.
I'm not getting...
I did it.
I did the punch.
And I'm...
Clearly we meddled with some forces that maybe we shouldn't do...
So do you remember being all hellish or whatever?
Well, my memory's a little hazy.
You fucking know what happened.
Look, I don't think we should show Rockerfire right now.
Well, we can't because he's fucking dust.
What the hell?
Get me another animatronic.
I did burn Rockfire Gorilla to dust and there's nothing to show.
I didn't.
I'm not admitting to...
I don't know what happened exactly.
You fucking know what happened.
Yeah, I might become a model because anyone...
I might...
People love to draw skeletons.
Look, get me my skin back.
Obviously, I want...
Obviously, I will be getting my skin back.
I'm not really sure how that would work.
I don't really understand how you're talking currently.
You think you're going to silence me just because I'm a goddamn skeleton?
You think I'm going to let that kind of shit stop me?
This is the problem with you.
You don't believe in yourself.
Actually, no, that's not the problem.
You shouldn't believe in yourself.
The problem is you don't believe in me.
Why are you even coughing?
You don't even have lungs.
Lungs are about belief.
I believe in the power of my lungs.
And wherever they are, they're dust in the goddamn wind.
Can someone put out this fire?
Leave the fire.
I like the fire.
The fire adds.
Okay?
God damn it.
This sucks.
Did we just do this again tomorrow?
No, the stream's taking a week and a half off.
Munch, you need to...
I don't really know what seeing a doctor would do in this context.
Your life force could give out at any moment.
Uh-uh.
Not happening.
No thank you.
Not happening.
Line up another fucking debate right now.
For what?
I don't know dealer's choice.
What do you want to see?
This is bullshit.
I'm not going out on this fucking weak sauce.
Barely got punched in the penis.
Nonsense.
I got fully punched in the penis.
I trained for it.
It made a noise and you were wearing...
You're wearing metal underwear.
I am not.
I'm not.
I'm sorry.
I worked for this.
I called my shot.
A couple aspects of it got away from me.
And but the...
I mean I think the main thing is...
Let's get you to a...
priest?
Best crayon.
Crayola.
I'm taking crayola.
Roseart.
Is that a brand of crayons?
If you have to ask then you're not fit
to have an opinion on this.
And either...
Actually I'm taking both options.
No.
Oh really?
Really?
You turn me into a skeleton?
You're not going to let me have both options?
Well I think it's a little bit of an exaggeration to say.
I turned you into a skeleton.
I did...
There was an accident.
Oh my god.
Crayola is the best crayon.
Is this really what you want to talk about right now?
Crayola is the best crayon.
Okay?
It's just the most ubiquitous.
You can literally say crayola.
People know you say...
Know you mean crayon.
You say roseart?
People think you're doing arts and crafts.
You don't even associate the word roseart with crayons.
I don't...
It's they're saying you made a racist statement.
What statement did I make that was racist?
I'm a skeleton.
I'm beyond race now.
That means I can say any racial comment
and no one can comment
because I don't even have skin.
That's not how race works.
You freak.
Oh you're calling a skeleton a freak.
No I'm just saying stop being weird about this.
You need to just...
You need to just reckon with the fact
that a terrible accident has happened.
And yes roseart is the best crayon.
You don't even know what roseart is.
It's not the important thing right now.
Roseart is a persperior crayon.
Okay?
Let's sidebar that.
I'm concerned obviously about it.
Because I'm a decent guy.
I'm concerned about a fellow human being.
That is undergone a medical accident.
What the fuck is medical about it?
Are you turning the goddamn shitty knockoff Diablo
and blue fire all over the studio?
I like a goddamn hero.
I block the bullet from affecting the fireball
from affecting the rest of the studio.
Like a hero.
I blocked its path, absorbed the full fire.
Purely out of...
Wanted to flex on you.
I allowed it to destroy my skin and organs.
Which I will be regenerating I'm assuming.
Any minute now.
And crayon is back.
Really?
Y'all are fucking...
Y'all are playing today.
This is not a sense.
I demand a recon.
I demand a repunch.
I demand.
I demand.
Look, it brings me no pleasure to do this, but...
It's not at what's important right now.
But I did win.
Respectfully, if we can turn off the music.
And if you can't, then I understand.
Let's just act like it's not playing.
No, this is all going in the song.
What?
There are some comments.
It's not what's important right now.
But let's just get through them
so we can get you to a hospital.
Is this the...
Is this why Crumb's wife won't touch him?
Fucking good one, Bonsai Bullfrog.
That's that shit that's...
That's...
Yes.
Let's bring more of this energy into 2026.
We're in the middle of 2026.
It's a new year.
It's a new me.
It's the end...
It's closer to the end of the year than the beginning.
But we gotta...
We need to look into what's happened to you.
I'm not the one fucking breathing fire all over gorillas, okay?
Munches of cool-ass skeleton and like Crumb's rotting corpse.
That's a really good point.
See, when I become the undead,
I keep it clean.
I keep it minimalist.
I'm not rocking a bunch of extra skin and staples and shit.
No must, no fuss.
I don't even know if I poop anymore.
That's how fucking clean I keep it, dawg.
The skeleton looks so sad without the wig.
Did you...
I'm not...
I don't have my fucking hair.
Obviously, you're a full skelly.
There's nothing going on but bone.
That's true, I 100% bone, baby.
I look good.
Come on, admit that I look good.
It's unshaddling, Munch.
I don't...
If I...
If I didn't...
If I hadn't...
If I didn't have vague hell memories right now,
I would be more thrown.
But I have seen more...
In my heart, I know I've seen much worse.
I bet you have.
Probably never seen a skeleton look this good.
Do skeletons get erections?
Actually, we stay hard.
We literally stay hard.
I'm fucking walking hymns right here.
He were...
And obviously, other hymns sponsorship.
That's why it's my go-to reference for erectile pills.
I'm Skella hymns.
Munch should have been cast as a ghostwriter.
No, the go...
Don't add an A there as ghostwriter.
I agree.
Hit me up.
I literally have fire all around me.
I'm supplying everything you need.
And I'm ready to get back into the movies.
I briefly did it around the time that they were...
Edison was releasing his first train film.
It's one of the first movie stars, actually.
I'm one of the guys in that movie.
You see what I did at the end there?
We were already...
I'm the guy with the train.
Rosar crans just blend better.
You're not wrong.
You didn't even know what they were.
You're Crayola, man.
I can tell because most people are.
That's why everyone's lying to themselves.
The only honest man here.
The only honest enough to say,
I look fucking good as a skeleton.
And I'm meant to do this.
Next debate, best way to lose weight and show your bones.
And I showed it.
Step up.
I'm not the skeleton that gets stepped on.
I'm the skeleton that's stepped up to be a ton of fun.
Stop just reusing words, you maniac.
You don't have to be brave about this.
You're a full skelly.
Ah, fuck.
Quit telling me shit.
I'll be the one who sma...
I don't...
Bogart my skeleton news.
This is big.
I'm hard launching skeleton look, okay?
This is a full social media hard launch of my new look
that I like.
Great, now I gotta restart the second bin game.
I'm starting to work on to make a JRPG about
rescuing the Rock of Fire gorilla from the ghost zone or whatever.
That is...
And let's not...
Hide the news that you murdered a gorilla.
I don't know, maybe he ran off.
You flame throw at his ass with your fucking noxious fire breath.
Well, my breath is fine.
It did get a little heated, but...
I brush my teeth first thing in the morning, actually.
Wake up your mouth is just a forest of bacteria.
So if you're not brushing your teeth first thing in the morning, really, you should be doing...
Shut the fuck up.
I don't even have breath anymore.
That's how good my breath is.
This is pure room tone coming out of my mouth.
Can much grow back specific body parts if he tries really hard?
Let me try really quick.
I gotta figure out my powers really quick, but...
But yeah, I'll get on that.
Can you regrow your...
See?
You know I'm magic.
You cannot deny that I'm a magic motherfucker.
I'm a talking skeleton now.
Don't be hitting me with none of that.
You're not immortal.
I'm a fucking skeleton.
It's like I got fucking Isekai into the same goddamn world,
but for some reason I look even better.
That's the only positive here is I...
Well, actually I look great.
I look great either way is my point.
My point is I'm...
I win.
You lost twice and you failed to destroy my penis.
Well, you know what?
God already destroyed it by putting it on you.
So...
Job complete.
Uh, next debate.
Who has the stronger ropes?
Uh, quit adding A's to things.
Who has stronger ropes?
Krummer muncher skeleton.
I mean, I do...
I probably could...
You could dangle me from any rope and I would...
I'd probably have infinite grip strength.
I'm actually quite light right now.
You know, I feel pretty mobile.
You can't even see me to move your arms.
I'm choosing not to move my arms.
It's distracting actually.
It's fucking media training 101.
It's all in the face, baby.
You don't have a face anymore.
What? I have my faces more stately than ever.
Bring that crumb skeleton friend to AI munch...
Chester.
As much as replacement.
You're gonna have to pry.
This job from my cold dead skeleton fingers.
All right?
They're literally both of those things, by the way.
Well, it's pretty hot in here.
I'm kind of surprised there's no fire alarm.
Yeah, I took those out.
If you can't handle a little fire, get out the debate room.
Am I in trouble?
Oh my god.
Yes, because you are going...
There's some way that you're gonna pay for this.
It's spooky season.
Skeletons are so in right now.
Maybe I did this just in time for Halloween.
Like I said, I'm always 10 steps ahead.
It seemed like you said whoops, and then got devoured by flame.
Animal abuse and stealing.
You stole our time and you killed a gorilla.
An animatronic.
If anything gets property damaged, and I apologize,
and I'll pay for whatever portion of it I'm responsible for.
The whole thing!
Look at what you did!
Look at what you did!
I'm just saying, obviously, I'll make amends for the aspects I'm responsible for.
Does the net need a new DJ?
Around the net need a new DJ.
That's good.
Now we're gonna think about the work you just created.
We gotta go find new DJs and piano players and stuff.
I'm gonna look for Rock-a-Fire.
I think I saw him.
I think I saw him run off.
I think I just scared him a little bit.
He was fully burning to ascenders, you maniac!
Unlike me, who was essentially just taking an extras-powered sunbath.
This is good.
Oh my gosh.
You can allow yourself to feel the weight of the loss here, Munch.
You are us.
You've lost your skin and organs.
You are the shambling dead now.
Well, the only thing that shambles is, you know, you.
Well, I guess you don't have a brain anymore,
so I can't blame you for being a little slow.
That was actually lightning.
Fucking quick.
Call me lightning, Ms. Skeleton.
He could fall over at any point and just be totally silent.
I really feel like it's pure malice propelling you right now.
That's what's always propelled me, you stupid fucking-
The Skeleton of Rennerton?
Actually, I'm an even stronger representation of Rennerton now.
I've always represented Rennerton.
And now I'm proudly standing with the undead constituency of Rennerton,
saying I am one of you.
I've always been one of you.
And all that we're doing better than ever in Rennerton, okay?
Aren't you not currently mayor of Rennerton?
Well, I basically may as well be.
They don't need all those flashbacks running things.
Come on, I get it.
I'm actually the most zombie.
This is where all zombies end up.
If they're rotting, eventually they should just be bones.
Obviously, I will probably be getting my skin back.
When? I mean, how much?
You gotta reckon with what's happened.
I am.
A reckoning for you, you piece of shit.
Maybe we can use the skin from the old correspondent to give you a new look.
Yeah, well, I mean fucking Sammy and that Tyler guy aren't using theirs.
Oh yeah, where are they?
I don't know, but their corpse is giving me their skin.
Why would you assume they're dead?
I don't know.
Look, I'll be finding skin.
I cannot stand behind that.
You're the one who fucking did this.
You're gonna come at me about what I'm not supposed to do.
What I'm not, oh, I'm not supposed to steal skin.
You stole mine, motherfucker.
Well, I'm not sure that's exactly how I would phrase what happened.
Um, does this set up the bin version of Masters of the Universe,
but Munch is a skeletor?
Does that mean crumb he-man?
That's a good way to look at it.
How is that?
Skeletor was always, come on, let's be real.
Skeletor was the more interesting character anyway.
What is he, man?
He's just literally assorted muscles.
Well, I'm kind of beyond that shit now.
Um, actually, muscles are just slowing down your bones from moving fast.
I bet I could lift more than ever
because I don't know all those weighty bones waiting down my strength.
You could talk to Jeb about stealing skin.
I do get the vibe that he's done that before.
Is anybody gonna put out this fire?
No.
Leave the fire.
It's warming my s-kind of cold bones.
It's weird that I can tell that I'm cold.
Did not expect that.
You expected any of this?
I planned for all-everything.
In fact, I'm not even surprised that I'm a little cold.
All right?
I'm fucking-that's it.
I win.
What did you win today?
I-you know, I do apologize.
I did not intend to burn ale of the flesh and-and muscle and organs off of you.
You didn't.
I mean, I-I appreciate it again for the court, please.
You didn't?
This is unrelated.
How is this-I did this myself.
I had an unrelated plan to be a skeleton
that you ha-tried to get in the way of.
And this is a choice.
Nothing to do did not lose a thing, okay?
I'm just trying this out.
A couple more comments.
Pepito, uh, ate your crispy skin munched.
What-what, tell him that I'm gonna come for it.
I'm coming for that skin.
That's not his to do.
That's a prop that I need.
Your skin is a prop.
So you're admitting you've always been an inhuman, malevolent force.
I mean, wait, when you say this sounds bad, when I say this sounds cool as shit,
Ben should do an army of darkness remake munch would make a great deadite.
I'm the lord of the deadites.
You were just admitting to be a-being a supernatural villain.
Yes, but also hero.
It was the great show heroes that once said when Batman loses his skin,
he survives long enough to become the cheerleader.
What?
That's all the time we have, baby.
That's gonna do it for today.
I think the important thing here to note
is basically that I succeeded where many have failed before.
They said it couldn't be done that you couldn't lose 200 pounds in four seconds.
Well, I broke a weight loss record.
I've, of course, broken all the points records,
and I will be breaking crumbs, punchy little spirit.
Soon enough, that penis is still going night-night, baby.
Don't worry.
You barely skate it by this time.
We're gonna figure it out.
We'll talk to you soon.
Bye-bye.
I'd love to deal with what just happened,
but I've got to go on vacation.
So there's just no time.
I did eat the skin.
How did you get it that fast?
I ran in there as soon as I saw it burning off.
It was like, it was mostly dust, but it was crispy dust.
That's, you ate human skin?
I don't know if he's human.
He's a skeleton.
I ate skeleton skin case.
That's funny.
That's true.
He should be dead for sure.
So maybe he's not human?
Yeah, I can't get in trouble for that.
Plus, I don't know what trouble is,
and I would eat a human.
Fair enough.
Much as a provider.
I mean, that's what he claimed in a lot of his campaign ads.
So, I guess so.
Okay, well, good work everybody.
Look, we did our best.
Everybody did their best.
And sometimes that's just how it goes.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know what else to say.
Sometimes that's just, you know,
you do your best and that's just how it goes.
I ate human skin case.
Have a great vacation with Kendall case.
Don't do anything stupid and see you when you get back.
You know, at least some of that will happen, okay?
Thank you all.
We'll be missing you.
We'll be missing the news.
I'm a news embargo.
I'm assuming it's not happening while I'm out.
But I'll be back, I think,
the Friday after this Friday,
because we don't get back in town till the Thursday
after this Thursday.
So, unless I have like a mountain of work to catch up on,
we'll be back either that Friday or Monday.
Watch the Nathan Fielder trailer?
Okay, well, I'll have to do that.
Not on stream, but I will.
I have heard it's good.
Don't worry too much.
I procrastinated starting episode two game thing,
so it won't take hardly any work to get JRPG'd.
I didn't know you were actually making one,
Bellany Von Torture.
You don't worry.
Munchkin, he's always losing stuff.
Don't do extra work on his account.
Yeah, just make it more about me.
Mm-hmm. That seems like a fair strategy.
Okay, well, I guess let's find somebody to raid.
We'll deal with Munchkin the skin situation,
you know, on our own, on our own time.
I could deal with it for you.
I don't have time for this, the devil.
How badly do you want to get Munchkin's skin back,
Case?
I don't care actually at all.
At all?
I don't know.
Also, where's my devil intro music?
We don't know.
I didn't prepare any of those assets.
Get assets ready for me, Case.
I'm the devil.
I'm everywhere.
I could show up at any time.
You met your roller coaster tycoon goal.
But what if I told you there's an even more nefarious goal,
which could lead to good or bad consequences?
I just don't know if Munchkin's skin back
is something I'm actually invested in happening,
if I'm being honest.
I feel like he kind of has this coming a little bit.
Well, okay, then maybe he'll get his skin back
if you can meet my next nefarious goal of...
Did I type that right?
What the hell?
Is that not right?
Oh, it didn't even go through.
Oh, that's because it's exclamation point goal.
There it is.
Slay the studio.
What could it mean?
The devil don't make me build a trading card game into my stream.
That sounds like an unreasonable amount of work.
And yet it could lead to untold riches.
All right, well, that's a real stretch goal,
so it should take a long time.
Yes.
Okay, that's all you had to say.
That's all I had.
Anyway, well, we'll see.
I mean, maybe we'll like Skeleton much more,
so I don't even know if it's something we'll want to do.
It's a lot of subs in general.
The bits also count towards the goals now.
I mean, who knows what it means?
Is it like Slay the Spire?
I who knows?
Well, let's play Rikki Peacock, everybody.
There we go.
I did spell it right.
Preemptive congratulations.
For what, my trip?
Just for the trip, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
We will see you all in about a little under two weeks.
Yeah, a little under two weeks, probably, or in two weeks.
You know, I'm assuming you're just sitting by your computer
waiting all the time for me to stream,
but you finally have permission to go outside,
so enjoy your two weeks off.
But I will expect all of you back at work as soon as we return.
It is a job to watch this show.
I know, I know, and they take it seriously, and we'll all be here.
Okay. Well, anyway, say hi to Rikki Peacock for us.
If he has any loose skin that he needs eaten, let me know.
And we will see you all very soon.
And I'll sing this farewell song that I always sing.
You don't usually do that.
I think that one's Hello.
No, that means, no.
Avita's name means chicken skin.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
You're really hitting those high notes.
Yeah, I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good like that.
Do you want me to eat your skin?
I really don't, Pepita.
Okay, well, you offer stands.
Let me know.
Bye-bye, everybody.
Bye-bye-bye.