I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody.
We're back.
It's the news.
I'm older.
Technically, every time you watch me, I am older.
But today I'm the oldest I've ever been.
Or yesterday.
I think yesterday was actually the oldest I've ever been.
Today I might be younger.
But thank you for the happy birthday wishes.
Right at the precipice of an age that you can't deny is middle age.
I would argue I've already been there.
Exterminator, thank you so much for the 31 months.
That's what I'm celebrating my 31 months of living.
Because I didn't really start living until I started streaming, right Papito?
Yeah, I mean I wasn't aware of you before I encountered you.
So as far as I'm concerned you were born today.
You've been on the stream a bunch.
I don't remember that.
I just met you.
Then how do you already know things about me?
I'm a quick learner.
I don't believe in memory in the sense that you humans do.
To me, everything happens in a big blast of everything at once.
That's what my life is like.
That's all that's happening at once.
You know that movie about the blue guy with a penis?
That's me but I don't have powers.
And I can't do anything about it.
Whoa!
The hype train.
Powder? Yeah, you must have meant powder.
Alright, well thank you so much for any birthday subs.
Any birthday wishes.
You don't have to do it guys but I do appreciate it.
Oh my god.
It's not even, it's not even really my birthday.
You don't have to do this guys.
It's my birthday.
What?
I just was birthed from hell.
Listen up Jack.
Skimmer just mama jammed 300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
Happy birthday young man.
I remember when I was your age
the Spanish American and Bo's wow.
Yes! All of us love our Spanish war memories.
Thank you!
I know it's about me and not about Kase's birthday
because it's my birthday too.
It's, yeah it's my first day I think being either 42 or 60 or something.
Oh my god.
I can't keep up with this.
There's too many things happening.
Steal yourself for the flood of birthday hype for me.
I don't know if you can take credit this one time hype train.
Hey, I know there's a hype train happening
and there's a lot of people to thank
but I just wanted to pop in to wish happy birthday to you as well.
And there's a lot of love pouring in right now
and I'm not trying to steal it from you
but you know what's a crazy coincidence
is today is actually my birthday as well.
Crumb that can't be true.
I think you've said a different day as your birthday.
It's just it happens.
I don't want to make a big thing out of it.
I just think it's funny that it happens to be my birthday as well.
Isn't that crazy?
Yeah, you've never brought that and I've had two other birthdays.
I've been streaming for almost three years.
No, I'm not trying to steal anything.
It just happens to be it's case is day.
I because I don't talk about my birthday very often.
I kind of don't believe in it.
I don't need that much attention personally
but it's but happy birthday was my main point crumb.
Get the fuck out of here.
What did I do?
Yeah, you can stay.
I'm saying get the fuck out of here.
What are you talking about?
I guess it's a look if it's illegal for me to have a birthday then.
I just don't it's fine.
I don't do birth.
I don't like to make it that all about you know, there's a hype train for once.
I'm going to request that we talk to the hype train.
Okay, that's fine.
Jesus Christ.
Guys, thank you so much for all these subs.
This is a crazy amount of subs pouring in.
It's all I mean crumb is trying to make it about him.
Other people are trying to make it about them.
I just want to emphasize that this is about the hype train which is currently happening
and that every time there's a hype train it's my birthday.
So I'm going to thank people because it's my birthday.
Only I'm allowed to steal cases birthday.
Play me a birthday beat.
Yeah.
God, we got to go to the walls finally.
Turn up my birthday beat.
Pump my birthday beat.
Pump it up.
Hype train.
Born about every single day.
Here we go.
Xander keeping me alive.
Survived for 30 months damn.
My guy who else got these subs?
Because they're pouring them in.
300 bits that they looking to thin.
Looking so hot.
I'm the world.
300 bits from the sky.
Apple.
Apple.
100 bit better because it's never a hassle.
Looking so fly.
I call them a boss because they are the mighty eyes.
Boss is better than boss.
It's like boss with ZZ's and sauce.
ZZ.
Also 10, 10, 20 subs.
What the fuck?
Man.
You're propelling me to powers out of yet.
Then unseen.
At this rate you can hit 25 and at 25.
Maybe I'm permanently alive.
I don't even know.
But I'll show if you hit 25.
Stop.
Trying to push the 25 thing.
It's chat.
He does it as a bit.
I know I can be blamed for all the bits around here but you legitimately don't need to ever hit that.
And they never won't.
Because they want to see my plan.
What's your plan possibly?
You just believe hell?
Play my birthday beat again.
There's still more people to think.
Stop trying to spoil my plan.
I got a master plan and it's a thing every something comes in.
God damn.
Okay.
21 else is there left to say.
That's the same.
It's fucking nuts.
I can't even wrap it up.
That's too many subs.
Shaggy with the 175.
Five subs also keeping me so alive.
And every single sub that you send I appreciate.
So let me show you how I do it babe.
We got Timmy the brain with the one community gift.
Side effect with five subs to make me live.
Rats be girl.
Rockin' my world.
Thanks for the side of the five subs.
You got it.
You have so many words that you've made up just to rhyme on the fly.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
One, two, three with another one sub coming in for me.
And I worship this sub because they're showing me love.
Worshiping shadows like a dove.
How are shadows like a dove?
Because they cast shadows.
When doves fly over the man over the ground they cast shadows.
You get tonight huh?
Mighty Oswit Five More So.
Happy birthday to me.
Happy birthday.
Ow!
New noises. What the hell?
What level are we even at? Is this a new?
I think maybe we hit this once before.
We're entering the swirling vortex of pain.
It all seems relatively similar.
A bunch of energy flopping all over the place.
We've never been this deep before.
Yeah, I don't know but now.
Entity, tangunity, subs, what are you guys even doing?
What's happening to your mouth?
I need some lotion. I'm getting thirsty.
It's like spaghetti.
Lotion is not like spaghetti.
It's like a really white spaghetti.
Ow!
That's... oh!
We've got some comments to get through okay?
It's my time to say things case.
So I'll be reading the comments. Thank you very much.
Play me a comment type beat.
That's got to exist right?
Apparently a comment type beat brings up this.
Whatever this is.
This is a comment type beat hype train.
That's perfect.
Okay let's read some comments too.
Happy birthday and I'll put a ring on it.
They want you to marry me, case.
You're gonna marry me anyway.
Marry that train.
I'm like Weird Albin, I'm a train.
I'm not gonna marry you hype train.
I'd say no you loser. I don't even want to.
Into the walls we go!
We'll do the walls... we'll do a wall sesh on Friday.
What is a wall sesh?
I just have to prepare everything for the wall.
Whatever's going on in there.
What's in there? Big floppy asses?
That wasn't my first thought.
Oh, I would probably put big floppy butts in there personally.
We may never return from the wall.
That's true. Be careful Chad, you've got to go too.
And in the wall you might not survive.
But all of your subs are keeping me alive.
Happy birthday, case. Happy birthday, cum.
Happy birthday, train.
It's all our birthdays.
But mostly the thing is it's my birthday.
Let's go deeper, Leleara.
Will she go into the wall too?
Probably not.
Probably not.
Happy birthday, case.
What they mistyped it they meant to say
Happy birthday, train.
Are you born specifically today?
Also, cum, you do realize my birthday was technically yesterday?
So...
I guess if you're saying your birthday is literally today,
then it is more your birthday.
Oh, yeah, that's what I meant to say.
Because I wasn't trying to say our birthdays are the same.
I'm saying my birthday is one day after you.
What is ha- oh, what's happening?
I feel like I'm being pulled into something here.
I guess it makes more sense if your birthday is the 11th,
although it's still a little surprising you've never mentioned that before.
I didn't mean to upset anybody.
It just happens to me that my birthday is on the 11th.
This beats fun. Should I rap too?
Please don't.
Do-ba-do-ba-do-ba-do.
Train is still going.
And I'm crum, and currently I'm flowing.
And Tam Tran kind of rhymes with
Train, the beats going crazy, man.
It slowed down. It slowed down on me.
That's not fair. The beats switched up right when I started.
Anyway, thank you all if anybody happens to say Happy Birthday to Crum.
Which someone already did, but that's not the point.
Because Casey didn't stream yesterday, so today's his birthday stream.
Again, I really wasn't crum. It's fine.
Listen to Ray Silva.
Praise God. Make it stop.
Oh God, make it stop. Yeah, but whatever God's there,
I throw praise in front of it.
Oh praise God.
Where's the fucking- I can't believe you're making me want to talk to the hype train.
Of course you do.
Play me more- what kind of other birthday beats you got?
There's gotta be more birthday beats, right?
And just that one.
And here's another birthday type beat.
Beat, date, beat, date, dude, dude, dude, dude.
Thank you all for all the birthday wishes.
MSG, thank you so much for the kind comments.
Happy Motherfucking Birthday, Ray Silva.
We birthday bill not.
Yes, my God.
Coming in from Banzai Bobble Frog.
For Crumb's birthday, I'm voting Gorilla Punch.
And if we got enough votes, then I have a hunch that you might finally see someone wind up dead
when they take a full-force Gorilla Punch straight to the head.
Oh yeah, Crumb could get murdered by a gorilla.
So many things could happen on this stream.
There's also- I'm almost done with the- almost done with the Papito talk show thing.
So there's all sorts of big stream stuff on the horizon.
You'll Crumb 2025!
That's quite a- that's the ultimate sub goal.
Crumb, I'm not wishing for your death.
I'm not like the rest. I don't actively wish for you to die.
Actively?
I said actively.
Okay, another comment that is no hassle.
Some kind of words from Apple DApple.
Come already told us it's birthday, March 28th.
That sounds familiar. What the fuck did he say?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
SKYMYR just absolutely counted 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this.
I'm already in SEAL Team 6 to take out Crumb.
Yes, they are still willing to do it for me just this one time.
That makes more sense.
Coming from Obama, actually.
We got the rare 1,000-bit Obama appearance.
Thank you so much.
Hyptrain, you're pretty behind on bits.
And Crumb, I'm pretty sure you're a liar.
I see the confusion here.
My traditional biological birthday is March 28th.
And very good memory, Apple DApple.
But I celebrate my birthday on June 11th,
because that's the date I was baptized.
And I consider that my birthday before the eyes of God.
Crumb.
Whoa!
What level even is this?
Ah!
What was that noise?
That was the ultra-noise.
Crumb, are you trying to campaign for your own death?
What is happening right now?
Nothing.
I'm not... nothing.
It's not that abnormal.
A lot of people celebrate their baptism day, it's their birthday.
I have never heard of that before.
Which might happen to be June 11th.
Hyptrain, there's more people to thank.
Crumb, just go enjoy whatever you consider your birthday, okay?
And I, to be clear, I know there's no controversy about it being my birthday.
Literally every time I am there.
Listen up, Jack.
Uncle Fodwick, Jess, Mama, Jam, 300, Shani, Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Crumb pulled this valor, Jacking last year too.
Whose birthday did he steal on the 28th?
That's a great question, but probably somebody's.
Good thing he laughed or he would appear to immediately try to defend himself.
Who knows this birthday type beat?
There's so many birthday type beats.
They're really...
They really are actually.
There's a ton.
This one's kind of got a little bit more of an EDM vibe to it.
Yeah.
Here we go, in the outer space.
Thank God I thank everybody for bringing me, for Hyptrain.
Thank you for Hyptrain.
What?
Thanks!
Okay, worship shadow.
Drop him more bars than Rachel Maddo.
What?
When she talks to kind of like bars, but she discusses politics.
Yup.
I'm sure shadow, thank you so much for the five subs.
The beats are already done.
A lot of these birthday beats are pretty short.
No! I worship shadow five and all these subs are too insane.
To not keep me rapping as a train, which I always am.
300 bits, Uncle Phil 2K.
The number of bits he's dropped is greater than 2.
That's a lot.
On my beats, more birthday beats to say birthday things to case.
Come on man.
Come on, mate.
I'll click on all of them for you, Hyptrain.
What the heck is this one?
Oh my god, run this back.
Try Luke it's your birthday.
Is that a different beat?
Luke it's your birthday!
You've got more people to thank.
There's some big sub drops that we haven't even thanked yet.
Be birthday happy, be birthday.
Oh yeah, you know that I might.
26 months from sporophyte
And you ain't got the lack
You saying chats in the back
Well you know that's a fact
And I'm a spellet like that
T to the A to the M to the Tren
With 20 more subs
You're a mad man
What the fuck?
40 subs, what the fuck?
40 subs, really?
What the fuck?
That's fucking crazy.
40 fucking subs?
That's pretty enough.
Happy birthday to me
All I see is train
It's also, I'd really like to point out Hyptrain.
There's been so many subs
And it's at level 12
You will never hit level 25
And that's, again, that's for the best, Hyptrain.
You don't deserve it.
You fucking don't believe in anything, Case.
You're being so nihilistic with my existence.
No, it's chat, it's legitimately too many.
I don't even know how this thing works.
And you just said the goal way too high.
It's not a goal, it's a cosmic law.
No entity can handle 25 levels of hype.
Yeah, I know it's high.
I know it's impossible.
It's never recurred in the history of the universe.
That's what it takes if you want to escape.
So you are trying to escape, Elf.
No, I mean if you want to have a party time.
Party time, 10 subs from Tantra and I.
50 subs?
50 fucking subs or more.
Remember not counting right.
Too many subs, either way.
Yeah!
Happy birthday, happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
This is a really hype train, heavy start to the stream.
Happy birthday to a motherfucking train.
Five more subs coming in from Bundlesprout.
I will do the shout out to you, thank you very much.
We're going to the streets eventually.
But also Bundlesprout can say...
Oh god, I just spoke the ancient language of the Kuramate.
What?
It's an ancient race of train that lives in hell.
I haven't spoken that language in ten thousand years.
The Kuramate?
It's an ancient race of train that lives in hell.
Oh, so that's what you are?
No, I'm unrelated. It's a different race of train.
But anyway, you're making me speak crazy stuff right now.
All of a sudden, you're...
That's train language. That's different.
You can't hear the difference because you're uncultured.
Oh, that's why. That makes sense.
Hey, where's my birthday beats?
There's still more to click on, case.
Look how many there are.
There are quite a few.
These are all to be...
If we can even believe that all of these are birthday beats,
we'll just go straight down the list.
Dreamwave birthday beats?
This one might be a little swimmy for you.
I'll be a drink and it still is. I get more props and stunts than Bruce Willis.
Now we're chilling out, man.
Just to relax and level eight billion hype train.
It is an extremely high hype train.
Level 13.
That's nuts. That's nuts.
What if some of you hope I'll have my birthday as mid?
That's fair.
That's just how you live.
Why should you have a birthday?
Be anything but mid.
Cause usually you suck.
So for you a special day
is when your birthday is more or less just okay.
I'm saying fuck you, case.
Let's all say fuck you, case.
Why, why hype train?
Because it's my birthday.
Stop trying to steal my birthday.
I think it's fair.
Because I spend most of my time with him in hell.
I feel like that's your choice.
It's not. I have to follow the cosmic rules of hell.
But when you give me sums, it shoves my corporal form.
Straight from the eternal infero of suffering.
Literal Christian hell. It's real y'all.
It's just like they said in the books.
It's mostly little devil guys with forks.
But the forks are dinner forks.
They lied about the size of the forks.
Why would they all have little forks?
It's actually scarier than you think.
The size of the fork being small actually makes it more unsettling.
It's more unsettling.
And they really go to town with those forks.
They use the forks for everything. It's their primary tool.
Smaller bites take longer?
Yeah. They do have huge knives though.
Catana-sized knives.
Wouldn't that just make it a katana?
No, they're katana-sized butternights.
They're not sharp. Again, it's hell.
So everything's kind of bad.
Except?
Except for the movies.
Movies in hell have been great lately.
I was having bad movies but the studio system in hell has really been popping off.
The fact that there are movies makes me feel a little bad for you.
It's one of the few good things.
Probably just the movies in the water parks are the only good part.
The water parks?
Well, yeah, obviously we have a world-class water park.
Because water parks are a hellish thing.
They were discovered in hell as a type of entertainment.
And we perfected them. We couldn't help it.
But they're bad. Obviously they're bad.
Conceptually they're all bad. It's a bunch of gross.
A lot of people. Gross.
Play me more birthday beats.
Yeah, that probably is my quota of train lorge.
Nope, incorrect. I'm going to say way more train lorge.
It's also hell lorge, if you think about it.
Birthday Kirby!
It is a birthday Kirby. It's just a happy type beat.
This isn't even a birthday beat.
Birthday type beat. This is the feeling of a birthday case.
You don't have to be so literal all the time.
Well, you know, I think you're literally about to die hype train.
So how do you feel about that?
Yeah, right. I'm gonna keep rapping forever about birthday.
It was so close.
It's really close.
I'm more or less really close.
That was a crazy amount of birthday guys.
Don't listen to the hype train.
It'll never be close for the hype train.
Craziness.
Card King, thank you again for the five community subs in case we missed it.
The hype train does really like to talk, so he might have ignored it entirely.
Shaggy also thank you for the five subs.
Bundle Sprout, five, Tamtran 10.
All the subs and bits. Everybody, thanks for just hanging out.
The birthday subs are very appreciated, although too much.
It's too much.
I'm due. I don't even deserve it.
That's true.
No, you're supposed to say it's not true.
It's true though.
Correct.
Damn it. Doesn't anybody have my back?
Won't anybody take the bait of me saying I don't deserve things?
I will. Look, man, you deserve a nice treat every once in a while.
Everybody deserves a tasty treat every once in a while.
Damn it. Nobody has my back.
Oh, I'm saying I do.
You deserve it, buddy.
Yeah, the pewter's right. I don't deserve it.
Anyway, I'm going to continue celebrating my baptism day,
aka my birthday.
Were you even baptized today? Yeah.
It was my second baptism.
I had to redo it because the first time it didn't stick.
You consider your birthday the second time you were baptized.
A lot of people do that.
What?
What are you talking about today?
Probably the protest.
Want me to do that? No.
Yeah, what does that even mean?
How did it not stick the first time?
They didn't use water. They used vising.
It didn't count.
They didn't mean to.
The priest who baptized me accidentally used a bowl of vising to do it.
He keeps a bowl of vising around because he has really, really sensitive eyes.
An open bowl of vising.
Yeah, because we can dunk his hand in it and sploop it on his eyes.
Do that to your eyes.
Sploop it on his eyes during sermons.
Yeah, it is holy eye water.
He did bless it, but it doesn't count as traditional baptism water.
So they had to take me into the LA River and dunk me in a couple of years ago.
They just took me to the one part of the LA River that has any water in it.
They dunked my whole fucking head.
I slapped it into the concrete. I had a concussion actually.
My first concussion is when that priest took me to the river and just bopped my head into really a puddle.
I think he was trying to kill you.
No, no, no, it was just the only water around.
Yeah, that does sound like a loan shark.
No, it was well looked. I have borrowed from the priest before, but they don't believe in usury.
So it's one of the best people you can borrow from.
Not that that's the reason I did it.
It's because it's a close and personal family friend.
Oh my God, Crumb. Okay. Too much lore.
Too much Crumb lore.
Let's just talk about a little bit of news, guys.
Thank you again so much for the birthday, subs and wishes, and just for hanging out.
Now let's depress ourselves with whatever the news is today.
Let them take it from you.
Well, hello there.
I'm Gianna Wetmichael reporting for duty.
Papito. He did say duty.
It's not really how you want to... are you going to say hi?
Sorry, hello.
I am sort of... I'm Case.
Technically, this is my show.
I was briefed.
Were you hired by a tiny dog?
Well, like a little guy, yes.
A little guy that could possibly be a dog.
Okay, well, I guess welcome to the fold.
Sorry for being weird. We've had a lot of new hires lately.
Do you say your name was Gianna Wetmichael?
Wetmichael.
Gianna Wetmichael. Very happy to be here.
Happy to report the facts. Do have news experience.
We're meeting some of the other folks.
It seems like you've got a bit more of a diverse crew over here of thought leaders, as I like to say.
But don't worry. I'm ready to actually lead some thoughts around here.
Because I've got some.
Gianna Wetmichael is an actress.
A lot of people have the name Gianna Wetmichael.
Crumb and drag is not... Excuse me?
You're comparing me to that?
Charlotton?
You're not Crumb, right? Of course I'm not Crumb.
A very cruel way to welcome me.
I'm just a center-right news enthusiast.
Oh, man.
What? Are you afraid of a little contention around here?
Because I know everybody wants to be in their own echo chamber nowadays.
But some of us are actually ready to have conversations.
Could a gorilla tell a difference?
Yes, they could. I've met your gorilla.
And it gave me a very different look than it gave Crumb.
Her name is apparently not Karen.
And that's... And is that just how you react to seeing any woman around here?
You said you're center-right. That's not the kind of thing you should say.
My name is Gianna Wetmichael.
Let me just google that and see if there's anyone else named Gianna Wetmichael.
Um... You know, there is.
But it's just a random person on Instagram so far.
So, I'm not going to blow up their spot.
Vote Gorilla Punch after this birthday lie.
I think you might have finally turned the world against him with that birthday lie.
The news is depressing, so the hype train is something that is good.
Yeah, the news has been a little aggressively badly lately. That's not false.
This new hire makes you miss the hype train.
Gianna, I hate to break this to you, but we kind of have live feedback here and so far.
Much like the other new hosts.
I just don't know if you're setting the world on fire.
Well, maybe that's not my goal.
Maybe my goal is to actually cover the noose around here.
Sorry, how do you say noose?
Noose? Bring back Eddie?
No, that can't be worse than Eddie.
I haven't met Eddie yet, so I can't confirm or deny if I'm better or worse than Eddie.
You do kind of sound like Chrome.
You know, people have vocal registers.
Sometimes they can be similar, but it doesn't mean I'm the same person.
This channel needs less news, not more.
Maybe I got to cut the news segment altogether.
I thought this was supposed to be a noose thing.
Well, that was kind of the original idea, but I'd say now it's more...
Wrapping and yelling is probably the two biggest content boxes.
Loud noises and train raps are probably the main focus.
Well, let's talk about the protest.
Oh, penis talk. Sorry, that's our biggest one.
Ahem.
It's protest season.
Protest over immigration raids pop up across the U.S.
Who's my nip and tut guy?
Well, wouldn't you like to know, but I don't have to tell you a thing.
Oh, so you do have one?
Of course. I work in media.
Were you trying to shame me?
I'm not. Sorry, chats just, you know, they're just probing you for answers.
Keish gets a frinny a stream.
That's, yeah, that's the main thing happening.
The main thing everyone in here is watching-ish.
Is, you know, my dissent into total madness.
As I fracture my brain into thousands of pieces.
It's an awfully over-articulated version of what's happening here, I'd say.
Yeah, probably.
It's hot. It's really hot.
It actually is super hot in the studio right now.
And that's not, I'm not opening the door for anything there.
I didn't think you were, God.
It's really, can you do something about that?
One sec, Chad, I'm gonna bust the AC.
Unbust the AC. I'm gonna bust some AC.
I just busted hard the AC.
I'm busting on it.
What's this just a verb I use for doing whatever?
It's contextual.
We don't kink shamer out here.
That's gross.
You're being gross, and I'm trying- I thought we were gonna talk about something today.
Um, Card King, what do you have against the wallpaper?
And also, I'm not even in my normal place.
Do you have some awful wallpaper?
If you- you have to submit what you think good wallpaper is, if you think it's bad wallpaper.
And if you have no wallpaper, then what are you even complaining about?
Are we talking about something or not? I don't- I can never tell.
So, just do whatever you're gonna do.
My God, this is my first day.
I'd like to point out that this is my first day.
And this is the reaction I'm receiving.
Oh man. One second, guys.
My fricking thing isn't working the way it's supposed to.
My swap machine.
Okay, now it's working.
You like velvet wallpaper? I'm not sure about that.
Not sure about the quality of that.
Velvet wallpaper? Velvet as a wallpaper? Wouldn't it be moist at all times?
I don't know.
Moist? Why would it- well, maybe it'd be- hmm.
I guess it depends what you're doing in that room.
Okay, everybody's shuttled down.
Everybody's shuttled down.
You need to deletion to some news.
Why does cases wallpaper suck? Is what they're debating?
I guess there could be two sides to that argument.
Damn it.
Humid walls.
Hmm.
Okay.
Look, there's protests all over the world.
And it's-
It's a wild time.
Regardless of which side of the aisle you're on, I think we can all agree.
That it's- that it's bad.
That people are doing violence.
Oh, you mean like that the cops are doing violence?
No, that people are getting violent in the streets.
Not the police. That's their job.
Oh, sorry, their job is to do violence in the streets.
No, their job is to- they are the arbiters of violence.
And the defenders-
Protests over immigration rage pop up across the U.S.
Protests over federal immigration enforcement rage-
this is courtesy of the AP-
and President Donald Trump's move to mobilize the National Guard and Marines in Los Angeles
are spreading nationwide and are expected to continue into the weekend.
While many demonstrations against the immigration and custom enforcement agency have been peaceful,
I'd like to see those.
You haven't seen any peaceful protests?
Gianna?
Call me Miss Wet Mitchell.
No, you know what? I'm sorry, I refuse.
We're gonna work together.
We have to be on a first name basis because that last name is too crazy to say.
The disrespect I'm already putting up with is insane.
Anyway, there's supposedly been peaceful protests according to this article.
Some, but also some have led to clashes with police, hundreds of arrests,
and the use of chemical irritants to disperse crowds.
In Texas, Republican Governor Abbott posted on social media that an unspecified number of National Guards
will be deployed to locations across the state to infer-
ensure peace and order.
At least somebody's doing it.
Is this Crumb's wife yet? Are you?
Are you sure you're not Belulia Crumb?
Can I be allowed to have my own identity, please?
It's a more complicated question than you think on this particular stream.
You do also look quite a bit like Liliana.
What do you think all women look exactly the same?
On this stream, everybody kind of is a varying degree of the same, to be fair.
Papito seems to really have a particular type of face he goes for.
I think he might think I'm the only human.
And so he just goes for things as similar to me as possible.
I don't look that much like you.
Except, what about Kendall? Kendall's a beautiful queen.
She looks totally different than me.
But she's not here right now.
This is a very strange vibe.
I just would like to point that out.
I've been here for 20 minutes. The vibe is very strange.
And I think that's a big problem with your side of the political aisle.
What does that have to do with politics? My weirdness.
I just think you have a very strange vibe.
And your whole leftist filth monster vibe is really a big problem with the protests in your side in general.
Left filth monster vibe? What does that even mean?
You come off as dirty and mean.
Okay, that might be a fair criticism, but only if me is just a vibe.
Yes, I am checking his vibe. The vibe has been checked and you failed.
You get a check minus. Well, check minus would still be passing.
And what do you get in school when the grades are silly and not alphabet letters?
A minus? You get just a minus then.
Okay, sorry. We've gotten off to a bad start here.
But thank you for actually reading. That does put you ahead of a lot of my co-hosts.
Activists say they will hold even larger demonstrations in the coming days
with no King's events across the country on Saturday
to coincide with Trump's planned military parade in Washington, DC.
Now look, I've got my own issues with Trump.
I'm willing to admit that. I'm more of a Lincoln-style Republican.
A Lincoln-project Republican, if you will.
Oh, that's... that doesn't... I don't really like that anymore.
The Lincoln Project? I'm sort of a Lincoln-project-style Republican.
So I had my issues with the President, but last time I checked, he got elected.
So if we don't want King's, well, maybe don't vote for him.
Well, that's a little... even the people who voted for Trump who...
I questioned some of their ability to read reality, for sure.
Not calling them stupid, just saying they might exist on a completely different plane of reason than me.
I think some of them probably aren't entirely in support of all the things he's done, so...
Exactly, but he was elected, so...
Who votes for King's? I'm saying he's not a King.
Because last time I checked, he was voted for.
So I'm just saying it's kind of a silly framing off the jump.
They're trying to do cute framing for their little protest, violent spree.
But I think people are going to see right through the title No King's when they realize,
well, yeah, we've got a president, actually.
Um... well, I actually think the branding is kind of...
Um... I guess... I guess I could see how it would appeal to a broader swath of people than just the left, at least.
I think it appeals to a more fundamental American ideal that basically...
You know, we're supposed to have a representative democracy and a president with checked power
and not like a insane, flailing dictator doing anything they want at all times.
He was voted in to do whatever he wants. That's what a president is.
It doesn't know what a president is. I mean, I know what a president is. I'm not asking.
Traditionally, it's like three branches of government.
We're supposed to check each other a little bit. I'm not like the biggest president guy.
Oh, you're not a president guy. Well, I mean, I just don't really...
I kind of wish it in some ways the office just didn't exist.
Not to really rogan out on here. I don't think he'd have that opinion anymore either, though.
He declared himself king via his official channels.
He did post a picture of himself as king. That could be part of, you know, maybe what they're reacting to.
Karkin says, Trump's whole presidency is 20-plus years of liberty being defined by Cartman rules.
But all they want is the right to do whatever they want with no legal or moral restrictions.
We can't help it if Cartman is a vibe. That's your argument. Cartman is a vibe that everybody liked.
What do we hate the early 2000s now? Everybody liked the Scott episode where he eats the kid.
It was a revelatory power trip for Cartman.
And our country's been on that same revelatory power trip forever.
Cooking up people's parents and feeding them to them.
I think I lost track of your point there. That's because you can't keep...
Try to keep up. We're having a conversation here.
Okay, guys. Why don't you go back to the story?
The Trump administration said immigration rage and deportations will continue regardless of all of your belly aching.
What the hell is this? Oh, sorry. That's one of the rap beats we were listening to. Do you happen to rap?
Oh, wait. No, this is news music. And no, I don't. I sing opera.
Okay, we're not doing that.
Oh, I'm not allowed to sing opera, but you're allowed to spout off at the mouth with a million different words that rhyme with you, half of which are just you.
So you do watch the stream. I've never watched this before. I just am a quick learner.
Look at some protests across the country.
Oh, here's... There's live protests. You've got live protest videos.
What's going on with the protests as we speak?
Oh, the stream's over? Well, this was from a couple minutes ago.
As you can see, it's so sad the way they even have to be there.
I bet it was violent minutes before this.
There is a curfew, think, with the Lord in heaven.
Ready to guard the salad bar. They're at the VA, I'm assuming.
Because there's a VA loading dock behind them.
Yeah, I'm going to go to the No Kings protest on Saturday. I think it beats watching whatever the imperial death march they're doing to celebrate Trump's birthday is.
So you'll be engaging in this illegal, seditious act of protesting?
Look, you guys took it too far. You guys took it too far. And the opinion polls would suggest most Americans are with me.
You know, all the proud mothers. I'm a proud moms cousin that babysits sometimes.
And look, people are worried. People don't like to see this kind of violence.
And I know you guys think that you're proving some kind of point.
But if the point is to actually affect politics, well, I just don't think you're doing it right.
What's the right way to do it? Quietly. You're a moms cousin's babysitter.
Shall I take this seriously?
It is funny. Well, these guys aren't really these guys are in riot gear, these particular guys.
But yeah, a lot of a lot of our brave defenders are masking up, which I thought was a thing you liked.
What you mean, like COVID math?
Well, maybe they're just trying to get ahead of the next pandemic.
Maybe they're trying to hide their identities as they just raid literal like elementary schools in some cases.
Well, look, I'm just look, I'm not disputing anyone's right to protest, but that's not what's happening.
All around the country, they're trying to spread their waymo destruction, setting everyone's car on fire,
burning not just American flags, the flags of I'm assuming some probably some Mexican flags are going to get caught on fire too.
Because there's just fire everywhere. You know, I haven't I haven't been to the.
Honestly, still kind of small as far as as far as the last time I checked in with the protests.
They're still relatively small. It's the crazy thing.
There has been some fire for sure.
But of course, that's like the focus of every news article. The third line will be a car got set on fire.
I do think currently as far as I can tell, there's been a lot of hand wringing over like the approval ratings of the protest.
Like apparently it's not playing well in middle America and whatever CNN is saying like everybody needs to be more peaceful.
I am in favor of peaceful protests for sure.
I think usually once things get violent, it doesn't necessarily affecting positively the way a crowd at the time might think it does.
But I don't think you need like fucking high approval ratings for your protest.
I think it's it's you know, it's an act where you're trying to draw attention to a thing.
Nobody likes to be inconvenienced. Nobody likes to see violence.
But if people have followed that same logic, I'm pretty sure, you know, civil rights protests in the 60s had pretty low approval ratings.
But of course, now everyone thinks that they were revolutionary and fantastic.
And they'll put fucking Martin Luther King in the opening of like a WWE pay-per-view.
But you know, at the time he was like enemy number one for 80% of white Americans.
So I just don't think the approval ratings approval ratings for a fucking protest matter at all,
especially when they're not really in my opinion engaging in acts of like wild violence,
at least outside of what you would see of any crowd of a particular size where people are riled up.
And I also don't think setting Waymo's on fire is really pulling on people's heartstrings the way people against these protests think they are.
I for one am not in support of burning Waymo's, but I can't say Waymo's are high on my list of things that I care about protecting.
MLK did have a sweet shawantan bomb. Was he a wrestler?
You actually asking Martin Luther King was a wrestler?
Well, I just mean I know the man wasn't but has there been like a wrestling character named MLK Shenzhen?
Because that could work. Are you a wrestling fan too? No, I'm just pitching.
I think even you know what actually there could be a wrestler.
There's MVP. Yeah, that doesn't count. He's not doing MLK.
People always want the status quo. I mean sort of. I just think like, sure, there could be maybe 80% of fucking Americans.
If they are directly asked, do I disapprove of the protest and think they're too violent?
Bruiser Saint George, thank you for the 10 months. They will probably say yes.
A, I don't think they really have a good sense of what these protests are actually like.
Basically any amount of violence in a giant city and a large protest is going to get hyper focused on by the media.
Or as far as I can tell, these protests have been not benign. That's not what a protest is supposed to be.
But they haven't really been hyper violent, especially in the way some other protests have been.
And B, as a point chat is also making as well. It's just like, you're not going, you're not trying to change hearts and minds by eloquently articulating your feelings when you're protesting.
I think it's literally supposed to be a show of like mass disapproval for the state of any particular, or just the literal state of things.
So, you know, I think they're doing that. I think that's good. I think they could get uglier the protests for sure, especially because it seems like the administration is really hell bent on just grinding their fists into everyone's face.
And I know some people I've heard literally arguments online that like, if we want to win hearts and minds, we need to make these protests either not happen or be insanely peaceful in a way that you just these crowds, you're not going to control a crowd like that.
I think people should absolutely get out there and protest. You know, when ice is fucking bashing down doors, raiding neighborhoods, just ripping people away from their families in some cases are resting people who are here legally.
In other cases, arresting people who are going through the process of getting here legally or in a bunch of cases just, you know, attacking people that even if they're not here legally aren't, haven't done any crime aren't bothering anyone and are just like, you know, the quiet part of our economy that we fucking lean on constantly and now we're punishing for zero reason.
She had also had Kamala head in these polls. How did that turn out? I mean, exactly. I think the poll focused nature of news coverage in general is fucking psychotic.
But you know, now I'm just ranting. You are very much ranting counterpoint.
Shuttle down. What? Shuttle down. You know, I'm right.
I'm right. About what? That you should always settle down.
Shut up. Settle down. Look at the paper. Read. This is a reading assignment. But you're not even reading either. That's where you're wrong. I'm about to read even more.
Wait, where's my other story?
Waymo suspends and this will make you happy apparently, Mr. Anti Waymo.
Waymo suspends car service in downtown Los Angeles after five vehicles set ablaze during ICE protests. You thought it was just one Waymo?
One Waymo. It just is nothing to you, I guess.
Um, a little, it literally doesn't have a driver.
I think traditionally the image of a burning car, the reason it like, it's Americans in the heartstrings, is they're like, that could be my car.
I don't like my car. And I get it. It's useful to have a car. This is literally a driverless car.
It's like, you know, it's like a burning iPhone. Do we feel that bad about a burning iPhone? If it's our iPhone, maybe that's a bad example.
People do quite like their phones nowadays.
A burning automatic thing. That's so unspecific. That's, God, that's bad.
You know, think of an automatic thing. Imagine that burning. A Roomba. There you go.
I love my Roomba. I named it. I named it Jafar.
Why did you name your Roomba Jafar? Because I wished for a clean floor and it grants my wish every time.
Well, sometimes you get stuck. It often leaves a lot of little stuff, actually.
Jafar is the evil wizard. You should have named it Jeannie.
Where Jafar becomes a Jeannie in the film.
The most powerful Jeannie before they strip him of his powers.
Burned a delivery robot there, a scourge.
Says who? Oh, do you want to deliver your stuff?
No, but I kind of am on live and sleazy side here.
Currently it seems like they're being more so used to cut labor costs than to make everyone's lives vastly simpler.
I thought you'd have named it Ollie North because it's the dirt and shucks at its job.
Because it's in the dirt and it shucks at its job.
Well, incorrect. I named it Jafar for very clear reasons that I've stated now.
That's a weird reason. You gave a really weird reason.
Why am I on trial for naming my Roomba? I'm just saying burning things that are automatic is still sad.
People love their automatic stuff.
If my Alexa caught on fire, I would be inconvenienced, but I don't think I would be deeply sad.
I would be surprised. I'd be worried though because there'd be like a burning plastic thing in my house.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Uh, ice protests, they've made nearly 400 arrests and detention since Sunday.
So how peaceful can they be?
We're also going to the movies today.
They can be pretty peaceful and there can still be arrests.
You might have seen some of the videos of people getting shot with rubber bullets while just standing there.
You would laugh at an election on fire. What if it shed?
Uh.
It's 1201 and it's 68 degrees out and reminding you of the good times.
Would you be so callous then?
I think yeah, I did sit a little like I said, I like to say it quietly or mine will go off and you use it every day.
And this is the amount of respect you show.
There's the amount of respect people are showing our country that they use every day like an old sock.
Just filling it up with their hate.
Well, some of us actually love this country and we're ready to celebrate on Saturday.
We're ready to celebrate its defense and its continued greatness.
I don't agree with the president on everything, but can we at least get behind our military doing a show of force in our capital for once?
Am I taking crazy pills?
You mean, wait, sorry.
Some of us are still American and we're happy to see hundreds of tanks in the streets of DC.
I think, I think people are going to find that imagery a little unsettling.
I just don't know if to me it feels like Trump is overreaching with a lot of this.
I know like his base is like red meat for them and they just want to see people waving Mexican flags get punched and dragged into prison cells.
And they love seeing tanks in the street of DC.
But I just don't.
All of this feels like insane in a way that I just don't.
I've been consistently surprised by what people are willing to vote for and just what people are willing to accept.
And the world is very different than it was in like 2002.
But something about this last like six months, we'll say a random month figure you've chosen.
Yeah, something about the last six months feels insane.
I think like people's threshold to just quietly tolerate it.
So I think if they push it even further, that's why I'm like I can see these protests getting uglier because I could just see everything getting uglier.
But we'll see.
We'll see one way or another.
We certainly will.
We certainly will.
And you know, I see where you're shy, Jan.
And but you're not.
That's the thing.
We're not communicating you and I.
And that's what's so sad.
I'm here to communicate and it feels like you're just here to preach.
What are you trying to communicate?
Everybody go home.
Shut up.
Okay.
I don't think that's listening though.
All I'm trying to say, look, we can come to an agreement here.
Stop protesting.
Shut up and let every and let ice do what they want.
That's what your opening position.
That's my only position.
That's all we're asking for.
Shut up.
I disagree.
Now you're not listening.
Okay.
Well, look, there's a lot of segments to get to.
Pepito's really.
Got to stop hiring random people off the street.
I actually applied for this job and that's the biggest indictment of all of you.
Call me mish wet Mitchell.
Can I call you just G?
Why do you have such a problem?
Shaying my last name because it's wet Mitchell.
Call me G money then.
Okay.
I'm not calling you that either.
Call you Mitchell.
I'll settle for Mitchell.
Okay.
Mitchell's fine, but I prefer wet Mitchell.
I just can't say that.
I can't say that.
Hmm.
I know I applied to this job.
I didn't have a dog type it for me.
Some of us actually still remember how to type.
I think most Americans can type what with their thumbs on a touch screen.
I type 600 words per minute trained proudly by Miss Mavish beacon.
600 words per minute is too much.
Not if you know how to do it right.
Some of us are actually still proud of our stenographer still skills.
Synografical.
Yes.
Mama Mavish.
All right.
Well, um,
Sorry things were got so contentious.
We welcome, um, well, I don't really have to welcome all of the viewpoints.
Actually, I'm just a Twitch stream so I can kind of do whatever I want.
So I don't really welcome your opinions.
What?
But you know, you did say them.
So there's that.
And I'll continue to I won't be silenced.
On this guy's Twitch stream.
We need grandma back.
We I do kind of miss.
I miss grandma a little bit.
Okie-tex 777.
I don't know if I'm saying your name right, but that's fun to say.
Okie-tex.
Call me miss.
Okie-tex.
No, that's the, that's the followers name.
Well, thank you for the follow.
We're really trying to push into that positive follower range.
And Gianna, I don't think you're helping that mission.
Well, I thought you said you don't care about approval ratings.
Some of us actually still care about this country though.
And I'll continue to do so.
And I now send it to whatever other crazy thing you have planned.
Hope you're proud of yourself.
I feel good today.
This guy right here, I'm feeling good.
Because I just, the atmospheric pressure is suggesting this could be a great day for all Americans.
I know things have gotten contentious.
But I think the thing we can all agree on is you need to get punched by a gorilla.
And I'm ready to see that finally happen.
And I'm praying for your death. Hello.
Do you think that affects me still?
You have called for my death so many times.
At this point, you know, it's like waking up and taking a piss and farting.
I'm just used to it.
Taking a piss and farting.
I can't be the only one.
That's just a common thing.
As soon as you start urinating, you immediately let out an elongated fart until you finish urinating.
The whole time?
Yeah, you know, you, well, because you, when you loosen your prostate to allow the urine to flow,
it lets the gas of the previous night escape.
And you let out one continuous bellowing fart the whole time you urinate, the two minutes you're peeing.
Two minutes?
Well, you're peeing slowly.
It's a dribble, of course, at my age.
I didn't even trick you into saying this.
This is just the thing you're saying.
Do you listen to yourself?
I actually reflect on what I say.
Unlike some people.
Yeah, I never reflect.
And I still feel like I'm communicating better than you.
How is that possible?
I've never thought for a second.
So how am I thinking so much more than you?
I have a prostate issue.
Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
It's not actually inflamed.
It's shrinking.
It seems to not be getting enough moisture, is what the doctor told me.
He's not sure how, because I do have, he told me I have a very wet body.
Dry skin, wet body.
Look, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
You're begging for this.
You're begging to get what?
What?
I'm just mimicking you.
What?
You're begging to get gorilla smashed.
And he's ready to do it.
I asked him.
Do you even speak the gorilla's language?
His language is an energy.
That's what you don't.
That's why you can't talk to him the way I do.
He doesn't speak with traditional words.
He speaks with the power of vibes.
Aura as the kids' voice.
Aura as the kids' voice.
He's got it obviously.
And that's what he talks with.
You wouldn't understand.
I thought, I do, I get it.
That's how we all kind of hit him up.
It's my birthday by the way.
Did I make that clear?
You fucking lied crazily about it.
When's your birthday?
When is it?
I forgot.
What was your voice just now?
I forgot.
I forgot.
I don't even care.
I've been alive for too long.
16,000 years.
I moved my birthday around.
I'll admit that though.
Sometimes I'm like, was I born?
And what we used to call, not the month of February, but Fomtoon.
Fomtoon was never a month.
Well, you weren't alive when it was a month.
Used to be 26 months actually.
26 months each named after the udder of a cow with too many nipples.
But these are the ancient times.
Are we brothers?
No.
We are not.
We don't look anything alike.
So how could we be?
Do you know your dad though?
I mean, he's but a faint memory at this point.
Your actual dad?
No.
No, I don't know my dad.
I mean, I do.
Shut up.
I don't want to talk.
You're not making me talk.
I'll talk about anything I want.
What?
Let's, what are we talking about today?
Wise case is wallpaper ugly.
Oh, let's find the wallpaper so that people can really see it in case because right now, obviously we're in a voluminous huge incredibly outfitted and beautiful studio that I designed.
We hired someone.
I thought someone was hired to design me.
I was hired.
Really?
You're going to now who's stealing valor?
It actually is my second baptism birthday.
Shade Foxlight.
Thank you for the follow.
If this is your first time here, just know.
I'm well liked and you don't want me to get punched by a gorilla and I'll know for me the literally the exact.
Literally the exact opposite of everything he says is true.
Everyone is desperate for him to get punched by a gorilla and he's got one defender.
That's and I respect Matt Liddell and his commitment to pacifism, but everybody else wants to see you fucking die and it's going to happen because I haven't even seen Matt and chat today.
And that's probably what has me the most excited.
It's more than just Matt.
There's a whole crumb pack that is going to defend my face from this respectable gorilla.
We're going to say disrespectful gorilla.
I'm going to say respectable.
Anyway, let me find a picture of this wallpaper.
Not that I'm we can keep talking about this.
I just I need to focus.
So just let me find this wallpaper really quick.
So I have to go through cases financial records, which I have pulled up.
Kurt, I actually know Peter teal.
So I have access to everybody's data.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I have access to cases.
It's just company business stuff.
All right.
To do.
OK, look at this.
They might not even sell this wallpaper anymore because this link isn't going anywhere.
Bora.
Stapider.
Indigo garden wallpaper is what case went with.
That's what he was.
That's what he was putting down.
Now, I'm only finding it in blue currently.
But case bought what I call disgusting gray.
And in case it's not clear, I think the wallpaper is horrible.
I think the wallpaper is fine, honestly.
For case.
Now, I'm not calling his taste good.
Sorry, case.
But no, I think for case, it's about as good as he could do.
Possibly meaner than what I was saying.
No, but I'm saying it's not that bad.
But I think we just have to disagree on why it's ugly.
OK, I found the actual wallpaper he has.
There we go.
And now we just got a full screen this bad boy.
All right.
There's the wallpaper.
Look at this.
Ah, this shit going to load.
There it is.
There it is.
Not in cases room in a different room.
But hold is the racist to say there's a vaguely Asian flair.
Is that a thing?
Am I doing a problem?
I don't fucking care because that is like how I feel that it looks like that.
You think it looks slightly Asian.
That's how I feel inside.
And I had to say it.
OK, so the request.
Let me find it.
So we get it specifically.
Is conspiracy time.
Yada, yada, yada.
There's a lot to do today.
You should probably hurry up.
Let me find this though.
Why does cases wallpaper suck?
Oh, so I do have to be out of this.
Fine.
I mean, I'm fine to say that it sucks.
I think.
Wait, I get to pick your side here.
Oh, no, it's an open question.
So in case anybody doesn't know what you probably do.
We crumb at this gorilla for $300,000.
He's slowly been paying it off by me paying him every time that he wins.
However, the specific addendum to that deal we made is that I get to pick his side of the debate when not specified by chat.
Very simple.
And you're the reason if it is kind of, if you're about to say it's complicated, you're the reason it's complicated.
Anyway, I think it sucks because the pattern is too busy.
Okay.
And what I think it sucks because
Well, because it's Asian.
It's got an Asian vibe to it that you don't like that.
I don't have to do something openly racist.
That's not fair.
That's the side of the debate.
That you've got.
No, that's there's no way I can't even defend that.
I don't agree with that.
That's an awful thing.
I agree.
That's an awful thing for you to defend what you're going to do right now.
If you don't mind making that debate.
No, it's you just don't like age.
You probably you probably would call that wallpaper Chinese wouldn't you know because it's not I don't even know it's not that's not specific.
And not all Asian cultures are the same.
And I would never say that.
I'm torn.
Okay, look, I think the pattern is too busy.
Take a look.
The patterns just a little bit busy.
Look, I'm being hidden by this this poll.
But you know, you can see there's just kind of too much going on.
You want a more relaxing wallpaper, I'd say in your home or at least most people would.
And that's why I think it sucks.
Why do you think it you think it's because it's Asian?
Yeah, I mean, just you're voting for what you want to vote for.
But just know you're siding with a wallpaper bigot here.
I haven't shed a thing.
God, there's got to be a way.
Oh, I think I think case did pick it because it's slightly Asian.
And in fact, I think he's fetishizing the culture slightly.
I think it's kind of in poor taste, honestly, to to flip through the anthropology catalog of overpriced, under styled wallpapers and your I immediately settles on the thing that you mistake for a representation of Asian culture, a culture that you're a fan of in a way that honestly, let's face it in cases case, it's a little fetishistic.
I think you overvalued it.
It's a China once and we're all supposed to be impressed by that what you saw 1% of a country and you decided it's great.
Oh, you've been to Japan once interesting that two of the countries you went to are Asian countries, not that you shouldn't go but you shouldn't go under the pretense of being a white person obsessed with the culture in an unhealthy and unrealistic way, which I think case is.
And that's why I think it sucks because it's a reflection of the man and his frankly, backwards and troubling views on international cultures.
What Irish culture just isn't good enough for you English culture just isn't good enough for you.
You couldn't settle for the cultures that you're ethnically aligned with.
What the fuck got more racist at the end somehow.
Are you trying to say you should only respect the culture that's you're biologically aligned with?
No, that wasn't my point.
I turned a lemon into a fish fart.
Yes!
Shit, I really thought you would go with the not racist option.
I gave you the red meat. I thought you craved.
I am actually surprised.
Just kidding. I'm not really capable of being surprised.
You went with it because I as usual accidentally gave Crumb the right answer.
Wait, the freaking thing isn't giving me enough money still.
What is with this man? This is money I earned. Give me my money.
Ew. It's broken though still. It's supposed to give me $10,000 more.
I'm only two victories away from $300,000.
God, I really do think it.
I'm not poor. This money means nothing to me.
It's just the case's stream element system is too complicated.
I'm really stupidly rich. It's a fact. I swear.
I don't need to swear anything. It's a fact.
Who did this?
14k points.
4.6 Bruiser St. George part of the Crumb pack.
Just keeping us alive.
I don't know how you develop this die-hard contingent of high rollers.
I'd say I respect it, but I think it's all still some kind of cosmic joke on it.
If I had to guess.
I understand apparently case's audience is...
I don't believe in directions, but apparently they're to the left of many of them.
But you know, I respect people and individuals.
I'm a rugged individualist actually, so I respect their right to do what they want with their hard-earned,
gambling money.
But...
There's just no way that they can support you over me. It doesn't make any sense.
So there is some kind of prank going on here, and just know I'm unprankable, so...
I'm in on it basically is what I'm saying.
You're in on you losing. Well, I'm not losing actually, because I'm so in on it that I'm winning.
Oh!
I'm sure what I did at the end there, we were arguing. I think I nailed that.
You missed a call from Kendall.
Case just texted... Oh, case texted I missed a call from Kendall.
Can you fix the money?
Oh, Jesus.
All right, one second.
Decrease the debt.
I bet the fucking government wishes they had this button that I have.
You know? That's weak, man.
But they do probably, because I just literally hit a button and boom, boom, boom.
Wait, how much money? 25, that's right, right? 15,000.
What was it at before? 40,000, which my 15 minus 40 is actually 15.
I know how to do math that well.
It's worth a try. That was me trying to do a prank.
Gosh, guys, it feels so good that you're keeping me alive, you know?
Feels like a really crumbly, like a really crumbly croissant on a Tuesday afternoon.
That's how good it feels.
You must be in a scone.
No, I like a crumbly croissant.
You can make them crumbly.
I do like them a little. I like my croissant's room temperature and stiff enough to be the crumble.
Is that just because your name is crumb?
I didn't even think of that till now.
No, I just like a crumbly croissant.
That just sounds unsurprising.
I'm not so... Again, I'm incapable of being surprised.
Of course. Of course. Just know, chat, you still have two chances.
You need to take two chances, basically, to murder this man.
You know what? If you're afraid of murdering him, I'll say this.
He could survive. I never told the gorilla how hard he has to punch him.
Maybe what you're doing here by not trusting Rock-A-Fire Gorilla is you're kind of being anti-Rock-A-Fire chat, if you think about it.
If you think this is going to kill Crumb,
you think Rock-A-Fire doesn't have the restraint to just do a punishing but unlethal punch?
That could easily happen. So just, let's have a little fun.
It's just a bet. It's just a bet that you'll probably survive.
That's not good enough odds.
I respect chat and their willingness to not have me be murdered.
Because even the chance of me getting my head punched off by a gorilla is a disturbing prospect to decent people like those in chat.
I just, I do agree that you're being double racist. You hate agents? No, I was...
I was playing devil's advocate and I actually found a really solid angle on there of case being racist.
By liking a thing. And clearly, the mate was checked. Check, please.
Crumb shot. Ah, fucking knew it was coming.
And now no one will ever again because you had to see this man for too long on your screen.
Apologies. We're all celibate now. But, maybe we'll learn our lesson and free ourselves of this courage by voting for him to fucking lose.
It's all you gotta do.
But I still see the wolves in chat and I know that you're doing a prank and we're all in on it and we'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
We can finally settle in. We're honestly a place of peace where we don't yell at each other and nobody gets murdered. Apparently.
He was arm wrestling out back and I told him, hey the show's on and Trent made a big deal out of how I was stopping him from expressing himself physically.
And that's, I'm assuming why you're saying that?
No, this is a place of pure peace where like any kind of physical activity is too dangerous.
No, it's just, hey, yeah, you shouldn't be roughhousing out back with strangers.
That was a full adult that you were arm wrestling and it wasn't safe. Why? Just because you think he's unhoused.
I'm just saying he was a man that I've recognized from the alley behind this place.
He's there with great regularity and I just don't think that arm wrestling competition is gonna go the way you thought it was.
So really I think it'd be nice maybe if you just had any appreciation for me defending you all the time from your own decisions?
Actually I said this is a place of peace where we don't believe in any kind of physical or mental conflict so could you stop fighting?
This is such an odd note to start off a trailer thing.
Anyway that's my parole officer who apparently is a part of the deep nanny state actually.
And he hates arm wrestling even though it was fucking fun and now I owe that guy 20 bucks because you did make me lose.
He was holding like a jagged spoon behind his other, in his other hand. You did notice that right?
Yeah, that's the spoon he eats with. It's his eating spoon and he's filed one side down to a jagged edge so that it's a spoon knife.
It's actually really efficient if you think about it because it's just one eating implement.
But whatever. I'm actually about trailers today and I'm not about conflict so stop trying to make it about that.
I'm just saying you started kind of aggressively but we don't do that here.
Oh my gosh. Alright look what do you want to watch? I want to watch Too Much the official Hulu trailer.
It's about Too Much. Okay it's actually Netflix.
Oh it's an official Netflix trailer and it's Too Much so let's find out why.
I could do it. I could go and find my English dream. You know, a state grounds, a garden. Good luck with that love.
Oh my god.
You're the singing guy. I'm Felix by the way. You've got like an American accent right? Let me guess you like one of those love actually girls.
This is the London I came here for. It's like out of a movie. Yeah horror movie. These people are full of pent-up rage and doxy crisps.
You know look at the yellow house. You're not charmed by me? I don't know if I'm getting like 50 UTIs a year or it's like one long UTI.
That is a really needy question. Boy, you want us to go in Gabna? Yeah right. So that is the most annoying genre of American humor.
What? I came here to find myself. The accent's hard to job. The ex-boyfriend is living with another woman right now.
Oh my god. Do you want me to murder them? Yeah. I want you to cut their heads off and sew them back on.
Oh shit. Spitting is too much. This has all just been a series of red flags. You think you're so special?
I get that it's hard for you but like it's hard for fucking everyone okay?
I wanted to be in bed with like a huge grant from the British Jones Diaries. Did you say British Jones Diaries? No there's four of them.
Yeah it's not called British Jones. She's British!
You are cracking my heart open with that brave ability to belong.
I have a very chaotic mind. Maybe. I choose chaos. Oh my god!
I choose chaos.
Is that fucking Crystalia? Is that not Crystalia? Is that Crystalia? It's probably not him right?
If you gross yourself up a little you can make it with him. Once you hook up with him, once you go suck him off. See if you can get him to come.
Any day. So you got it.
Oh shit, granny that fucks.
Is Crystalia? Huh. I feel like they're mixing their genres there. Cause if it's kind of like a lady friendly romcom and then Crystalia shows up.
It was a little odd right?
Well there's no telling when they filmed it. Could be.
It did kind of feel like that movie. Oopsie. Oh my god the whole over life.
I kind of feel like that was maybe from like 2015.
Hey I will tolerate no slander of Megan Stalter, a Chicago comedian extraordinaire, who regardless of Crystalia in that movie is hopefully getting that bag.
Is he really in that though? That's so surprising.
Huh.
Maybe that's why it's called Too Much? Cause when they made it they're like oops we put in too much Crystalia.
Yeah that could be it. That could be what happened. They had to name it that to cover their tracks.
I don't think that's him and I could see it being a lean and done a movie.
Let's just look it up. It's probably not him. It just looked a little like him. Yeah he's not. That's not him.
I don't think.
Or it's the cameo of the fucking century. Now that stunt casting right there. Apparently it's not him.
But in our hearts now it is him. It's not him.
It's called Too Much because they had too much sense to put Crystalia in there.
Well unfortunate though that that guy looks like him. Maybe he doesn't even look that much like him.
To be fair I don't really know what he looks like without the long hair.
He has a gross vibe that she carries.
I don't think that's him and I could say oh lean and done him. I think it is maybe lean and done him.
Too much lean and done him. Cause it's said from the creator of girls. Which I'm assuming is her. Right.
Yeah yeah yeah. It. Oh that's a series. I thought it was one romantic comedy movie.
Look you're very confused by this and that's why it's called Too Much. Cause it's too much for your brain to handle young blood.
Well look you're being a hater and this is a place of peace and I do like Megan Stalter so we just have no choice but to move on.
Well look maybe it's great. Kendall will most likely watch it and then you know and we work for case so maybe then we'll hear about it.
I could see Kendall watching that. You don't even know Kendall. She comes in here sometimes. You don't even know her.
Alright. Can I pick one. Cause you're all about peace today right. Yes. Then maybe I'll pick one. Good. Okay. The lost bus.
There's got to be a more popular trailer than that. Nope. There's no other big trailers that came out.
At least honestly there aren't that many. So the lost bus with Matthew McConaughey is probably what we should watch.
About a lost bus. I don't know. That's the thing you learn by watching.
Oh it's Apple. I should have known.
That is such an Apple title for the movie. Damn it. They're pulling him back in. He was out of the lost bus lifestyle.
That one trailer. We can watch that too. What the hell? That bus was in a dangerous situation.
They should make an Apple movie title generator. That could be AI's first thing. I'm pretty sure AI can already do that.
I think AI could make a generate Apple title. Like the forbidden school. That's a little spicy for Apple TV.
You're right. It has to be something more like the wrong school. Maybe. Fireplane.
I think they're kind of bringing back an era of like straight to DVD movies but oddly plused up with prestige actors.
And I for one am kind of disgusted by it. Disgusted. I thought you were going to say it's good.
Nah it makes me feel gross inside. But that's what they're allowed. I guess they're allowed.
Okay. F1 trailer. I don't know what it is. But I'm going to look it up.
There's a new one. Wait we already watched this one months ago. There's a bunch of sneak peeks but I don't see a more recent trailer.
Shark Monorail. Now that is not a movie they would make unfortunately but I would watch it.
Oh Kendall's calling it again. One second. I got a mute. Kendall's hungry and she's letting us know.
What would you like to eat? What? That's crazy. Okay. What I'm hearing is Thai food. Nice. I'll take care of that.
Yeah. Text her and then text me. But you'll be home in a minute I thought right. Yeah.
Okay. Wait you already have some meat or texture? Yes. Trent.
Still a Trent. You are telling Trent. Yeah I mean I was just playing honestly. I was going to do it.
Once again. Trent what do you do? I'm at the movies. You've been here so many times.
For texture. Okay. I can do that. Yeah I was going to do it. I was just playing. I was just playing.
Yeah damn girl. Okay. Sick. Well yeah I mean obviously like 100%. Like whatever. See ya.
What's up. What's up. Bye. Thank you. Bye. I'm not telling them fucking that dude. I'm not going to tell them that.
I fucking killed that conversation. We blew it with Kendall. She's taking that was the thing.
Bacon. That was the thing. But did you see how that I pivoted? You don't even know who she's talking about.
I could ask Kase. Okay. I have to figure this out. One second.
Okay. Hey what's up. Hear your cool. Is that too much to say? Yes.
Just ask her if she wants Thai food. Hey. Want any Thai food? It's hot. They make hot food? Just ask if she wants any Thai food.
Hey. Want any Thai food? We're going to get some. Kendall and I about to order some. Is that fucking smooth?
I added stuff but I don't fucking question everything. Alright I hit send. God damn it.
You texting sucks. With words? I should have just sent her like six sandwich emojis. I didn't say it's me.
It's good. Now she's going to block the number. I don't even care. Fuck. What were we doing?
The F1 trailer. You were looking for that for some reason even though the movie's out. That movie came out.
Well they said F1 in the chat. They just want me to hit F1 on a keyboard.
2025 partners trailer for something. Warner Brothers? An animation festival maybe?
Okay we're going to just watch... Void Break?
These trailers are odd today. The Foundation Season 3? I don't know much about Foundation.
Let's just watch the Sliders TV Pilots opening two minutes. That's my pick. That's pretty good actually.
We can agree on that. Let's watch two minutes of the Sliders TV Extended Pilot.
That's like a trailer in the sense that it's a trailer for a full series that did exist. Let's find out.
I'm eating them. This is turned all the way up for the record.
This is a different vibe than it ended up being.
We can watch Waves of Badness, Steve.
Oh. Whoa whoa.
What another planet? No. Same planet. Different dimension.
Oh. Whoa whoa.
He and three unlikely friends are about to pass through a portal to a parallel dimension.
A sliding? I've just seen God and I got a swan he was driving a cat.
Whatever. Where everything is unreal. How did it get so...
We are the only ones.
Whoa.
It's backwards.
His mom is pregnant? Alright.
Welcome to the revolution.
This is a long PBS trailer.
It's not PBS though apparently.
You're going to love sliding. Wednesday at 9.
Out of Fox.
Whoa. That's how you trailer.
That's how you make a hit.
I guess. Yeah. I mean I'm not going to argue against that.
Slidden. Okay wait. Waves of Madness is then like...
What is that? Waves of Madness trailer.
A secret fourth trailer from eight months ago.
The Waves of Madness.
I don't know what it is. I have no context.
But it's on YouTube and that means it's safe to watch. Let's find out.
Agent LaGraste, copy.
I copy.
We intercepted a distress call.
Who's an SOS from the Elder's Seat?
They said there was something on the ship.
Oh shit, Madness. We heard.
A side scrolling.
A side scrolling.
This is the rescue party? Is it just you?
Who's an SOS from the Elder's Seat?
We can get the help.
It's just me.
Don't send help.
You didn't shoot me all night.
Don't send help.
Who's an SOS from the Elder's Seat?
You won't accept the truth.
Send help. Send help.
Send help. Send help.
Send help.
You're still there on that ship, aren't you?
With those things?
I've got Então Down.
Since when do monsters go up?
Can you go up there once more?
Don't send help.
Those waves were crazy.
It earned its title. That was nuts.
Madness and Fang.
I just don't like shit that's only for one angle.
angle again and again and again pass. Oh yeah, ratings. I always forget we can rape these.
Yeah, I think that took place on a hype train. The belly of hell. Or a boat. One of those two.
Okay, well, hey four trawlers, your attention span is slowly increasing. Chad isn't appreciating the
madness. A guy literally filmed that in his kitchen. I think it looks pretty good for
getting filmed in a kitchen. Well, where the lady filmed it then? She came to the kitchen probably.
Can you fit that many actors in one kitchen? Yes? I just wanted them to have to film each part separately.
They're not appreciating the madness of filming an entire side-scrolling movie in your kitchen.
It was another kitchen. See? It was a worthwhile question. I'm in supporting people making movies
from one angle in their kitchen. It's just not for me because I like a diversity of shots.
Really? Yeah, medium, wide, occasionally close up. You can do that from one angle, can you?
All right, that's it. I'm fucking done being peaceful. I gotta go fight
right now. Youngblood, no, you can't go back there. Hang out with Ali Edward. I own 20 bucks,
so I gotta go. Look, Chris is making a bunch of noise about problems, but the world is world
of peace and arm wrestling. That's what I'm going to go do right now. And you go do whatever you're
going to do because you do, in fact, know what it is. We'll see. That's a good point. That is his
parole officer. I'm not trying to tell Chris how to do his job, but I don't think he's flexing
his authority in quite the right way. It seems like he should have some power over that kid.
But I guess he doesn't. All right, there was a call for an expert. Can we talk to the hate sock
and how it feels about the protests? Oh, no. A hate sock? Frickin' wet Mitchell did call for a sock,
did call something a hate sock earlier. So I guess we can.
Um, about the protest. If you have any questions for the hate sock,
apparently it's not Stephen Miller. I'm as surprised as you, Card King.
Feel free to throw them in the chat. I guess thanks for joining us on
such short notice, um, hate sock. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What? So you're the hate sock.
What does it fucking look like? Fuck off. What are your thoughts on the protest?
Give me a fucking break. Don't mess. He is kind of stylish. You're an Argyle sock?
You wish. Once Papito, don't give Papito any ideas. Are you fucking working for you?
Um, there's a character like this on Canadian TV called Ed the Sock. Oh yeah, let's find out.
What that was? Ed the Sock. Are you related to this?
All right. Welcome to Smash Your Trash, where we allow just ordinary citizens to commit and
express their opinion on a video that we're currently playing on rotation or in rotation
here at Munch Music. Um, so let's meet our panel before I tell you what the video is.
Over there. What's your name, sir? I'm Chris. Ed. All right. Chris Ed. Is that hyphenated?
Just Chris. Just Chris. And is that you? Fuck off. That's not me. I do different. That sucked ass.
It was so close to what you're doing. Fuck you piece of shit. Is this all you do? You wish.
You've said about the same three things on repeat, which are fuck you wish and
honestly, maybe just fucking you wish. Dumbass. Oh, you did say dumbass too.
He looks like Sockhead from the classic movie Freaked. Okay. Is this something you're related to?
Just to find out. Does this feel like this?
If your coloring is in the autumn range like Maria, I would suggest you try the earth tone
eye makeup. Now, as you can see, I've done a lovely French braid on Maria,
but I encourage everyone to experiment and use your imagination. The main thing is,
just have fun with it. Do you like that? Nope. Fuck you. Okay. You wish asshole. Dumbass.
That was Bobcat Goldway. That's just the name he gave himself. It's not even his real fucking name.
Stupid shit. Used to fucking, you used to be comedy in this fucking country. Okay. So you
do say stuff. Used to be fucking comedy in this country. You think you're gonna make a movie like
Jackass 5 now? I don't think there's been five Jackass movies. Exactly. Dumbass. I kind of like
the Jackass movies. I don't. Couldn't even make that nowadays. What do you like, idiot? You like
idiots. I'm not even gonna answer your stupid fucking questions. Okay. Do you have any
thoughts on the protest? Fucking whatever. Okay. I don't think I'm gonna get much out of this guy.
Suck it. Dumb questions that suck maybe is what you'll get to me apparently. Dumb piece of shit.
Is this the right wing Rosie O'Donnell? Nope. Try again, idiot. Hey, don't talk to my viewers
that way. I'm talking to you dumbass. There's technically six Jackass movies. Yep. Guess
again. Wait, you said there weren't two fuck you. Oh, military parades give off small dick energy.
Yep. Oh, so you're against the parades you wish. Checks history on all dictators who were also
voted in. Oh, that's from earlier. I was I'm slow on these comments sometimes.
A big surprise. How does Gina feel about the fishtie? Is it her style? I'll have to ask her
next time. Don't. Nobody cares. No propaganda asked. Doesn't care about that shit. Fuck you.
Can someone message how to use points to vote? You know what? I actually have no idea. You are
right. I mean, I really don't. Do I bet? Wait, you meant yeah, right, like you agree? Nope.
You know, hating isn't just being a contrarian. Hate is like an actual emotion where
you feel certain ways about things. Nah. Ding dong. That's your fucking name. Sorry,
the doorbell did go off and that's not my name. Were you gonna street to it though?
Did you still want to play It Takes Two or whatever? Not that. Okay. Oh, so she's coming over soon.
Guys, you sure can.
Fourth? Like a third.
That's my name. I'm asking you guys a question. I'm taking over the stream. That's my name.
Kendall Lynn. Does that sound Asian? Does that sound like an Asian name if you hear it for the
first time? Lynn sounds slightly Asian. Uh-huh. But it's like Lynn with a Y and not an I.
I think if someone told you it sounds Asian, did they tell it to you after seeing you that it sounds
Asian? Huh? Did someone say your name sounds Asian? Yeah, I just get comments sometimes.
Is it from someone who's already seen you though? I don't know. Because I think if they've seen
you and then they're like, oh yeah, it's an Asian name. It's because it has Lynn in it.
And they're like Asian Lynn, like LIN or something. Lynn makes it sound more Filipino.
I don't think it sounds particularly Asian. I think people just are like,
they see a race and then they're like, they tie it to the name. Stormborn says it sounds more Southern.
Is it because it's like a first name middle name? Yeah, like if I had a sister from Virginia and
I was like her name's Kendall Lynn, people would be like, oh, that's Southern. Oh, she's Southern.
And if I was like, I have a cousin in China who's Chinese and her name is Kendall Lynn,
they'd be like, yeah, Asian. Lynn Manuel Miranda Asian, no, he's Puerto Rican.
Yeah, but his first name is Chinese. Okay, that's all. Bye.
Wait, do you have any questions for the hate sock? So what? I'm talking to a hate sock.
What? Fuck you. Do you have any questions for the hate sock? Ask him if Kendall Lynn sounds
Asian. Does Kendall Lynn sound Asian? Yeah, it's a little racist, I think. You wish.
That's kind of all he says, unfortunately. Who's that? It's my girlfriend. Yeah, right.
That's kind of his whole deal. The lady side tricks. Lynn is my middle name, but it's one N.
I bet. Oh my God. Sorry, he's pretty. Sounds white bread country. Whoa. Okay, anyway.
Oh, you're fine. Yeah, you can stay. You can stay. Hate sock. I think I'm done talking to you.
I've done talking to you. Hate sock. Do you have a female girl? Do you have a female sock that
you're near? Yeah. Really? Hello? Hi. Oh my God. I'm a nice sock. I'm the nicest sock you'll
ever meet. My boyfriend's, oh no, my brother. Who? Whatever you want, baby. Oh, my brother.
My brother. He's super mean. He got that from our mom. Oh my God. I'm back. That's how socks get
around. Why not both? Sky near stop. Why not both? Wait a minute. Hate sock. You sounded
oddly comfortable with your sister being your girlfriend. You wish. I think you wish.
Oh my God. Hate sock you're not allowed to do in the stream. You wish.
Okay, whatever. That's the hate sock. I guess socks do come in pairs.
I think that sounds about right. Want to see a funny cat and mouse. You mean like Tom and Jerry?
You wish. Hate sock you're done. Okay. Is this sock puppet Andrew Dice Clay?
Little mishmuffet sat on a tuffet and I forgot to fucking rest because the joke sucks. Nope.
You wish. Dumbass. Stop calling you a dumbass. Okay. Hate sock for future correspondent.
You wish. I don't wish. Should Case put a ring on it? Hate sock? You wish. I don't. I do.
I didn't propose. I do. I didn't propose. I do think you suck. Hate sock. I'm out. Peace.
Just kidding. Sorry guys. The new. That's just not a correspondent.
One of the new things I've been interacting with are a little. They kind of suck. I'll just come
on and say it. Some of them kind of suck. And yeah, I am talking about serial killer Ed
and the old guy that doesn't look old and the wet lady. I just don't think they're that good.
Those were good hires. I'm building a corporate powerhouse team. Get our profits to the moon.
And this is the things I get. Oh, you actually care that much? I don't know what I just said
and I don't care. But it felt fun to say. Anyway, what don't you like? Are you a sock?
I'm not the hate sock. You're sounding kind of like the hate sock.
Are you the hate sock? No. Then maybe you should turn that frown into a big old grin and eat a burrito.
I see maybe that's a healthier way to look at it. I don't know. I don't actually know.
Maybe I'm a hate sock. I don't know. You're a dog. That's true.
Yeah. Okay. Let's get through these last two segments. I'm gonna have to disable
our requests for now as we have two things left to do. And maybe a news rundown if there's time.
I don't know what's going on in the world of conspiracies. What was requested?
Case was replaced by a lizard chameleon person. You know, the new wig is on the way.
But so far I haven't been able to find Clem yet to make sure he's down for this ploy to get him back
on the stream. But once I do, guy, you have some competition. I mean, I could easily let people
request which version of this segment they want. So just saying. Anyway, for now, let's send it
to the downstairs conspiracy area. Constantly introducing me while threatening my job.
That's just the way of the world nowadays. It's a leadership tactic and I respect it.
Always threaten to fire someone. That's what I learned from our president.
And I just have to live up to the task. Can't blame your chief for constantly firing people
randomly threatening to fire you. Commander in case. Just inspecting the chain of command.
See how good of an employee I am. Unless of course he's been replaced by a fucking lizard person,
which I'm not saying he has. I'm not trying to start any beef here with a manager, I guess.
I'm just saying I'm guy redacted. That's never been up for debate.
I'm definitely guy redacted. But who's case really? Who's case? You don't even say his name that much.
Didn't say it enough for my taste. I say I'm guy redacted pretty much every time
that it cuts to me. I'm guy redacted just to remind you guys. Familiarize yourself with me.
Keep me around please. And if it sounds crazy, well, crazier things have happened than the
leadership infrastructure all the way from the top to the very bottom where case resides,
being replaced by lizard people. Don't believe me? Well, watch me type it into YouTube and immediately
find proof. Lizard clone people conspiracy. The lizard people murders alternate reality.
Pertesty of vice TV. Maybe guy can replace chrome once he dies. I'm down for that. I'm not married
to that to being. I'll be a different, I'll change everything about myself. Not like a lizard though.
Like a entrepreneur. I mean it in the sense of like I have a very flexible entrepreneurial spirit.
And not in the sense of I flippantly change my opinions on a win based on whatever I'm
confronted with. Pure terror and cowardice at all times. I've never done that even once.
Just like I won't after watching this video confirming, I'm assuming, that lizard people
are everywhere and threatening to take us over at all times and probably already got case and that's
why he's being mean about me. Let's find out. That face off and beneath it was a reptile.
Whoa. This guy like doesn't even look real. This little tooth that sticks out here.
Fans claim they saw Justin Bieber turn into a giant reptile. In simple terms, there is a predator
race. Just to be clear, there's no evidence that an alien race of 12 feet tall blood drinking
reptilian humanoids secretly controls the world. Still, this conspiracy theory is driving some
people to murder. Their father confessing to authorities that he killed them. He believed
his children possessed serpent DNA. Now, don't do that guys. Don't do that.
Look, are there lizard people? I'm saying 100% yes. Are they your kids? No, and don't shoot them.
I've been clear about that the whole time, right? Don't kill children or anybody.
Not everybody who believes lizard lizard people exist as the murders and that's
fucked up to think is the main point. A lot of conspiracy theories claim that some
Oh my god, wait a minute. They picked the wrong guy. If they're gonna try to convince me that
lizard people don't exist. Am I crazy for thinking this guy's got a full lizard neck?
That is a lizard length neck. I'm sorry. Not that I need to judge a book guy's cover,
but this looks like a cover over a lizard guy. Just saying.
Secret shadowy force clandestinely controlling world events. But who exactly is pulling the
strings? The Freemasons? The Illuminati? To a small but vocal group, the culprits are lizards.
Extraterrestrial iguana-like creatures that eat people. They're feeding off humanity.
They've turned humanity into a slave race. They demand human sacrifice.
One small 2013 survey estimated around 4% of Americans believe the earth is ruled by
evil reptilians. And if you've personally never seen any lizard people walking around, well...
Ask yourself this. What's more likely that 4% of Americans have completely lost their minds?
Or that there's lizard people? That's because, as the theory goes,
these aliens are shapeshifters. The Queen and Prince Philip are not human. They shapeshift
from human form into lizard form. According to believers, most prominent politicians,
business people and celebrities are secretly reptiles. So the core tenets of the reptile alien
conspiracy theory are that a group of lizard-like humanoid aliens, often said to be from the
planet Alpha Draconis, came to earth in ancient times and have either intermarried with humans
or simply taken human form in order to pose as our leaders and take control of the human race.
And if we step out of line they murder us. Look at this guy. This guy knows what's up.
See this guy up here? He's got a look that I trust for some reason.
Just a fellow traveler that understands. Sobreachy says Mr. Iguanas out here walking around
out in the open just asking. If you're referring to the forensic photo of that lizard that
happened to be in a crowd, they had to use a very special lens to get that shot. If you've
ever seen the movie They Live, or as I like to call it a docu-drama, they've kind of made that style
of sunglasses but for cameras. And most people don't know about it. But guys like me and this
guy we do. So listen up. That's how much Bill Gates is a reptilian. He was just shapeshifting,
growing a big ass long tail. And online, lizard hunters scour images of famous people
looking for moments when they accidentally drop their human disguises.
Two bottom teeth remind me of snake teeth. Like look at how the face like lays on the head.
See? I mean come on. This does look unsettling. You gotta give them that.
Sure the contrast on the image, the color contrast has apparently been fucked with
pretty heavily. Or has the skin been fucked with heavily because that's a very lizard-like face.
I can see it. Oh god he's mad. Listen up Jack. It's come adjust my Majan 300 shiny tasty coins and I've
been dying to say this. Is this his? He's not beating the allegations. His back smells like
lizard just for the record. That's right. I can smell his back. Okay. Whoa. That was a lizard-like
speed. Steve says that's how I look after too much pizza. That's that's how they're trying to
trick you. Not just the pizza look, the lizard look. This shit looks like whoa what the f***.
See the neck? See the ridges? The bone comes all the way across, stops here.
Sherry Shreiner was one of the most popular online reptiles sleighs. I'm laughing because
it's so fancy. There's a poor woman who lives in the back with the Ohio. Truth in comedy.
Trying to save mankind, kill off the aliens. But Shreiner didn't just analyze celebrity faces.
She was also a prophet of doom. An apocalyptic preacher spreading the reptile gospel to an audience
of tens of thousands through platforms like Facebook and YouTube. Look at YouTube. Type in
reptilian humans or reptilian shape shifters or clone humans. This is stuff I've been
hammering about for over a decade. According to her, not- I would like to point out,
listen to what that lady said. Go to YouTube, type in reptile humans. What did I just do?
You guys act like I don't know what I'm talking about. That's literally what an expert just suggested you do.
So food for thought for anybody who wants to be replaced.
Only were actors and world leaders secret serpents, but most humans, including your
own friends and family, could not be trusted. Most the people were looking at our fakes.
Out of every four humans, only one is real. As real humans do.
70, oh my god. Think about it. Seriously, that's 75% lizard is what we're currently at.
And that number is only going up. She demanded money and devotion from her followers.
And eventually, Shreiner began to face allegations that she was running a cult.
Maybe the first sign that something was wrong was the death of Kelly Pingilli in 2012.
The 22-year-old died of an apparent suicide, seeming to believe her demise would somehow
aid Shreiner's cosmic war against evil. Pingilli's loved ones blamed Shreiner for their loss.
I think Shreiner is a predator and like the epitome of evil.
Things would really come to a head five years later in 2017 when one of Shreiner's
That's terrible. Look, that is terrible. Obviously, that's awful. I'm just saying,
this is supposed to be about lizards. And that's not related to the lizard argument,
just because one person happens to be awful. Okay, doesn't mean everybody who believes
90% of humans are lizards is a bad guy.
Shreiner's followers killed another.
The woman convicted of what some called a cult murder is sentenced in Monroe County today.
It all started when Shreiner turned on Barbara Rogers, a follower.
I wasn't worshiping.
What is this still frame? Did Vice project her image onto this?
Or is that just a photo she has laying around?
Her or the way everybody else was. That's what she wanted was worship.
This created a rift between Rogers and Boyfriend.
It's Chris D'Alia again. Oh wait, no, that's not him either. Sorry.
Steven Minio, a major devotee of Shreiner's.
Sherry Shreiner really fucked my head up. I've been supporting her for 14 years.
I had suicidal thoughts. I felt like killing myself over this.
On July 15, 2017, Rogers killed Minio with his own gun.
He took the gun and started putting it into my hand. He goes, here, take it.
Point it at me. Point it. He just starts grabbing it.
Thing, you know, he put it in my hand and he goes, point it at me and shoot it right now.
Rogers claimed Minio wanted to kill himself and had dragged her into his suicidal moment.
She was convicted of third-degree murder and sentenced to 15 to 40 years in prison.
But there was little accountability for Sherry Shreiner, the couple's online profit.
She died of a heart attack in 2018, still claiming Rogers was a reptile or a clone.
See, you're right, Sportfight. This is cult stuff and it is sad.
My argument is just, just because you believe
anywhere from a tenth to 90 percent of humans or lizards and been replaced,
doesn't mean you're in a cult or that you're crazy.
You just, that's just the thing you believe.
Some people take it too far. Let's keep watching.
This was far from the only case of violence involving conspiracy theories about alligator men.
Take Isaiah Gentry, an Arizona teen who stabbed his dad in 2020.
Police say Gentry told them he tried to kill his father because a quote
shape-shifting reptile had taken over.
Or Bucky Wolf, who in 2019 claimed God told him his brother was turning into a lizard.
A 26-year-old Seattle man is in jail after prosecutors say he killed his brother Sunday night,
stabbing him in the head with a sword.
Or Anthony Quinn Warner, who in 2020
set off a bomb in Nashville, Tennessee on Christmas Day, killing himself and injuring eight others.
But what about all the people who believe people are lizards that are doing good stuff?
That's just what they're leaving.
I just think to be fair, they should include people who believe that people are lizards that do good stuff.
Like, I recently ordered Grubhub soup for one of my friends recently because they were sick.
And I believe people are lizards.
So.
Days before the bombing, he'd sent packages and letters to friends explaining his
belief in lizard conspiracy theories.
Warner wrote, they put a switch into the human brain so they could walk among us and appear human.
And if you are a person who is prone to violence, who's prone to conspiracy theories,
you're going to look at this reptile elite as part of the New World Order,
part of the deep state that is controlling you, that's keeping you down, and you're
going to fight back against it.
So what you have in these killings are people who feel like they're genuinely fighting for
humanity, they're protecting themselves, protecting their families by taking action against these lizard
aliens.
The first lizard conspiracy death was probably the 1999 murder of Gurley Chu Haasankovt.
Gosh darn it, how many people have done murders that are lizard fans?
Not fans, realists.
This is the bummer, I didn't expect there to be this many, but I just want to emphasize.
I just believe a lot of people are lizards, I'm not a killer.
New Mexico bank teller.
To this day, her body has not been found.
Restranged husband, Dizan Haasankovt, and his new girlfriend were actually pro-reptilian,
allegedly believing they'd be rewarded if they helped the aliens enslave humanity.
Part of proving they were worthy involved killing Gurley Chu.
When you decide you're going to commit murder, you decide that you're going to trade your life for theirs.
I did that.
The two killers.
That does not represent the beliefs of all lizard realists.
That we're not all that creepy and we don't ourselves look and sound so much like lizards.
Who are sentenced to life in prison met at a David Icke conference.
Icke, a former sports announcer from the UK, is the granddaddy of today's reptilian lore.
Oh, after declaring himself the son of God on television in 1991,
Icke became a prolific writer on conspiracy theories and other worldly topics.
They demand human sacrifice. That's where Satanism comes in.
He introduced his version of the reptilian conspiracy in the 90s.
This extraterrestrial race integrated humanity, creating hybrid bloodlines.
Icke's critics have pointed out that much of his reptilian vision seems to be plagiarized from the 1983 miniseries theme.
See, they're being fake Icke fans because if they knew,
they're talking about 90s Icke.
In like 2010s, like later Icke, the lore gets way, not the lore, the facts get way more complicated than that.
So they haven't even read it stuff and it's very obvious.
The visitors were lying. They were not like us.
Not to mention Icke's version seemed to just put a scaly new skin on one of the oldest conspiracy theories out there.
Hello, this is Loki and I'm here to present to you a paper entitled Jewish Reptilians.
Think about it. A foreign threat hidden among the populace, drinking human blood and controlling the media.
Sound familiar?
Because really, I'm non-discriminatory and I think everybody eats lizards.
It's not about Jewish lizards for me. And I want to be clear about that.
I think all of you are probably lizards. All of you could be. Some of you aren't, but like, you know, 90% ish are.
And I still welcome your viewership. I just know that I know that you're a lizard.
While the idea of lizard humanoids is not inherently anti-semitic,
all of the tropes that it uses are the same ones often used by conspiracy theories that
posit Jewish power at the very top of the global elite.
So it's probably not surprising these theories started bleeding into right-wing communities
and showing up at the outer fringes of the QAnon.
Exactly, Stormburn. The Greek lizard.
Cabal or the deep state that's posited by QAnon and the reptile elite of lizard conspiracy theory,
they have the same function. They control everything. They're hiding in plain sight.
They're doing terrible things, particularly to children.
So it is absolutely no surprise when a Q believer will have already believed in the
lizard people conspiracy when they find Q or they find Q and then they find the lizard people
conspiracy.
One of the most tragic cases of QAnon and reptilians colliding is that of a California
man named Matthew Coleman. A surf school owner with ties to San Diego is accused of murdering his
two toddlers. He believed his children possessed serpent DNA. Police say he admits killing the
children and hiding their bodies in Mexico. On August 9th, 2021, Matthew Coleman killed his
two-year-old son, Kalio, and 10-month-old daughter, Roxy, with a spearfishing gun.
His wife, Abby, had been researching QAnon conspiracy theories online together.
Coleman allegedly told authorities he was receiving visions and signs revealing that his wife possessed
serpent DNA and had passed it on to his children. After his arrest, he told FBI agents he'd killed
them to save the world. He'd first learned about reptilians from David Ike's Twitter account.
So these other stuff on there, they know that they are appealing to people who are
unbalanced, people who are angry, come on, who are armed and
in many cases are looking for a target for their rage. So they do bear responsibility and they do
bear accountability. The reptilian narrative is alluring because it offers an explanation for
the suffering in this world. Rather than facing man's own capacity for evil, for some people,
it might be simpler to believe our problems are caused by literal monsters. The truth is
that lizard people can't hurt you or your loved ones, but believing in lizard people
definitely can. Okay, look, do I stand by everything that everybody who believes in
lizards is done? No, but also don't stand by everybody who believes in string theory.
They've probably done stuff too. You know, theories, people aren't defined by the theories they believe in.
Some of us are defined by the actions we don't take. And I've never advocated for anybody
doing anything about any of the stuff I'm talking about. All I've ever said is everything you
believe is a lie. The world is falling apart. Everyone around you is dangerous. But I've never
said to do anything about it. And I'm not on the record of saying I never will. I will never tell
you to do anything. Because that's how they get you is when they try to get you to do stuff.
All I've ever suggested is that you keep watching. You guys know me. All I'm saying is watch me and
everything's broken. And some people just take it too far. And we can't be held responsible
for that. Just because we said your neighbors are trying to kill you that you did something.
And I'm sick of that narrative that saying stuff has consequences because it doesn't.
And I just want you to think about that the next time you're thinking of doing anything
that it's not my fault. Okay. And I think we can all at least agree with that.
So the question of course is, is case a lizard person the answer unfortunately is yes.
Is he trying to destroy you with his lizard vibes that he's projecting over the internet?
Of course. Should you keep watching him? Yes. I'm on this network. And with that,
be sure to stay mentally secure. Be sure to stay watching. Be sure to stay angry. But don't do
anything. And we'll talk to you all very soon because what we see is the truth right here.
Semper truth. See you soon. Bye bye. Hello everyone on this momentous wall reaching day.
I'm of course Peter Gibbon. Good to see you. I kind of I'm honestly in favor of hate suck
at in this moment as well. Don't choose hate. Don't choose stock. Choose the wall,
which we're going to go to very soon. I just heard look I had to stop by because I heard
that you're going to be visioning my wall Friday. I'll say this Friday or Monday because I have to
I have to check with my lawyer because of all the people that have gone in there and not left.
Or another way to put not leaving is stayed because it's everything you've heard about the wall
doesn't begin to articulate it. I feel like you're building this wall up too much honestly
at this point. It's I it's yes it seems like we have a rat problem and you make some noises
in there. But I suspect you just basically are keeping an apartment in there right? Well I guess
we'll find out. I guess we will. The crazier your wall is the longer it's going to take for me to
get to it. I'll put it that way. Because I have to do more. I have to check with my lawyer a lot
if it's really crazy. So it could take longer than to get to the wall. Well all I'm here to
talk about today is the good news which is you're all welcome to come to my wall whenever
case you can get a jack together and get you guys in there. And also all the news.
Yeah a little time the other reason it takes me a while to consult with my lawyer is
they struggle with object permanence. They're not as developed as some other lawyers so
sometimes my lawyer forgets I exist if I'm not right in front of them. That's actually quite
common. Yeah that's what he says too. Okay all the news all the news play my song while I
pull up this news. Woo yeah that's me. Yeah that's what the lyrics say. Well I'm shaping my wall.
Okay a lot of good stories submitted for us to run through today in this rapid fire news rundown.
And you can submit news to it the cream.team in the bin section. There's a big old news
section in there and every day ish because case the stream is in a very confusing schedule.
We click on all these stories and well at least of like Penner of Penner show them
and then we run through them. All right oh my gosh so much stuff happening in the world is crazy.
Just two days and all this stuff happens. I click on too many stories it starts to
make the stream not work so I gotta be careful. It's happening. Then there's a video
a disturbing video to end with so we'll save that little disturbing bit of craziness for the end.
Okay and I've loaded up all the news. You made us look at your face for so long while you did that.
There's a little special treat for all of you. Okay Robert Eggers to direct Christmas Carol
movie. Eyes William Defoe. Oh like Scrooge with Bill Murray. It's from Eggers. I'm guessing it's gonna be a
dark gothic take or something. They're hitting a home run during the holiday with a take on Dracula
and also R2. He's making a Christmas Carol and Defoe's a pair don't do my voice. Sometimes it's
mumbled along with the anchors. I stop. Pentagon has been pushing Americans to believe in UFOs for
decades. New report finds. Oh no. Guy's gonna be so upset that he's been mentally manipulated.
I'm sure that'll be his reaction. Also we have some comments. It's not my fault. Guy retracted.
This is official stance. It is on his business card actually. He's given me one.
Um UFOs have been back in the news. Well would you believe it's because the FBI wants it that way. The
article shows that the government has at various points over the years purposely sown disinformation
about UFOs in an effort to make Americans believe in little green men. Kind of glitching out yourself.
Are you sure you're a human at this point? Of course. What do you mean at this point?
Probably you know you spend enough time with the rats and sometimes you feel more
rat than human. Which I wish though. I wish I could be amongst the hive and really belong.
Oh shit I broke it. I forgot that those are trip opinions and not comment opinions. One second.
Beaks. I should do it. Um okay. Someday I'll make it so that if I go to negative one it
doesn't break that whole comment system. But until then. Oh streamer bot. Case is true obsession.
Ozempic penis. Male users reveal shocking change to their genitalia after injecting weight loss shot.
Tell me all about it. New York post woman. Quickly becomes some of the most popular medications
in history with more than one in eight Americans having tried them. Mackenzie Beard. The popularity
has been driven in large part by celebrities like Oprah, Kelly Clarkson and even Elon Musk
who've all admitted to using the drugs to slim down. While you might be familiar with these
as weight loss drugs. Some GLP ones like Mungaro and Ozempic were actually first approved to treat
type 2 diabetes. Medications like we've. Okay but what about our penises? Because that's the fun part.
On you it's actually the the worst part Peter. That was a necessary case.
It's not even dignified to call it a low blow. My penis actually kind of rests on my belly a lot
of the time. So it would be more of a mid blow. Mid section blow. When I lay down my penis sometimes
drapes over my stomach. Sorry that was maybe too much information. I actually have I ever told you
how I some people have growers some people have showers. I have a shrinker. It retracts a little
bit. It's really long and then when it gets hard. Like a balloon going the wrong way you know.
I recently measured myself down there. I noticed I gained about one inch.
Said an anonymous user. Okay anonymously gained an inch on the internet. I believe it.
I recently measured and I gained an inch. Okay. Yes another happy reddit to respond. I
gained 1.5 inches in length. No joke. Like you obviously know how long I was before I got very
fat. Oh so there's losing weight. My wife noticed a difference. I lost 78 pounds and I gained an
inch of penis. Ozempic does not enlarge your penis but an erect penis may change side considerably
depending on the day temperature and factors other than sexual arousal. All right. Ozempic mouth
is another recently reported side effect marked by pronounced folds at the corners of the mouth
and noticeable wrinkles on the lips. Huh. The spice. It's like the spice. How so? It gives
you powers but it dries you out because it's like a desert drug. That's what I'm taking from this.
Is that just a face? Ozempic worries me. I don't know. I think it's just all these crazy side effects
kind of like this penis side effect are just a result of losing weight really quickly probably
in a way that's not something your body's entirely used for or entirely natural.
But I mean if it's helping people great but I don't know. This is like the third article we've
gotten about Ozempic penis so I'm starting to wonder if there might be a little bit of a PR
push here. You think they would try to sell a drug on the false pretense of it making
something as unnecessary as your penis bigger? You think guys would really start taking a
weight loss drug just to make their dick gain up to 1.5 inches isn't in as little as a month?
Yes I do. What just because in maybe even just three weeks you could gain up to two inches?
Click now. Disney Universal Sue Image Creator Mid Journey for Copyright Infringement.
Do we need the details here or is it just so obvious what happened that we don't need them?
Yeah that might be more of a headline one they probably trained very obviously.
Tons of their data that comes from if not direct IP then fan drawings of the IP and any other kind
of image of their IP on the internet so you can just easily steal the likeness of whatever.
I would argue that's more of a problem than just for Disney but hey I'll let them fight that fight.
I'm not against it. If you have 20 pounds to lose please don't try getting on those drugs.
But what if you have 30 pounds to lose? I'm very satisfied with my weight. I've actually
lost a lot of body weight but gained face weight. What just happened? Just some wall stuff.
The GFARS 5027 POS is a PC disguised as a graphics card. What?
Many things turned into mini PCs. We've seen many things turned into mini PCs but this could be the
first time a repurposed graphics card has been transformed into a functioning computer.
Well hey everybody's obsessed with graphics cards anyway over most of the other components so
they've really narrowed it down to the things PC guys like the most. I do like a new graphics card
and just don't worry about the rest of it literally in this case. It's a paradise.
It's a PC paradise. The question is was the article written about them suing AI companies written by
an AI? Yes. I mean on the internet it's increasingly feeling like half of this
shit is pumped up by an AI. Half of these companies are bragging about it so not my favorite.
I think a lot of them like this is a BBC article. I'm hoping in cases like this they're not AIing
out their articles but with deadlines and stuff you could also have writers
drafting the shit out with AI so who knows. Weinstein. He was found guilty of sexual assault
after New York retrial. Good job everybody. Wish we had done it 30 years sooner but better
publicly ruined and I felt held criminal will late than never at all.
Yep that's good. I don't need you to tell me it's good Peter but I did. Okay.
All right more AI news. Fantastic. Chat GPT's absolutely wrecked it.
Chesh by Atari 2600. Control from 1977. Atari's humble 8-bit engine just did its thing.
Despite all its advances, Chat GPT is seemingly still less smart at certain tasks than an Atari console
from almost 50 years ago. I guess we could read as to why but I would have to guess it's just the
nature of LLMs and how they associate patterns more so than do programmed reasoning but
it could be more complicated than that. Waiting. Fix. Sorry Bonsai Bullfrog. I think I
did break it a little bit more than I realized. Does this mean Weinstein will be the next Republican
president? Okay I see what you did there but no right? I think he's I'm gonna say no. Yes I think
it's that'd be too far. He doesn't have the charisma I think unfortunately of Donald well fortunately
of Donald Trump so I think we're safe from that one but I'm gonna stop talking about it just to
be safe. Yeah let's not will that one into existence by accident. Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys has
passed at 82. Oh my gosh. Brian Wilson for some reason I associate The Beach Boys with um oh god
what was the book I read? Anyway I associate them with Charles Manson. What? Because of that book
Chaos that I read a while ago about Charles Manson he hung out with one of The Beach Boys that
might have been Brian Wilson but I don't want to slander the dead. He hung out with one of them quite a bit.
Sorry that is what my brain immediately associates with The Beach Boys over their music.
So I shouldn't bring that up on the day he dies though that's a little messed up. Well you just
did. Well okay then to be fair read something else about him. In 1991 Wilson told people his
father's abusive oh okay I picked a bad one. Darn it Peter um let's see something positive.
He felt really good. He felt really good these days. He told people the whole year has been
very emotional and what do you call the world word sentimental. So he went out on a high note.
I was waiting I was waiting for a text back in Korea.
Why are you fucking kidding me? Sorry.
So I said you back like 10 minutes after you said it. I know I didn't notice.
I'll order it now. I don't think she's happy. Oh I wonder why.
Um okay now all we have is milk love. There you go. That's all I'm gonna have if I don't order
this food. What the frick. Um hey Kendall wait can you come back for a sec. Wait but what do you want.
Okay I think I know what she wants. Do you want a drink. Okay do I want a drink. No I guess I'm good.
Good okay. Oh my gosh ordering food on this app. They're constantly trying to push their like um
they have like some subscription service now you can get through Uber and Postmates.
What's that. No I just forgot because I'm doing something else. Um oh my gosh I can't order this.
Why. Kevin Love is a future NBA Hall of Famer son of Stan brother of Mike and Stan Kevin's
dad it was Brian's caregiver okay. There we go. There it is. Okay. Placed. You did it. I did it.
So now I'm not in trouble. No. Okay what was I doing. Talking about the death of a person.
Oh yeah let's move on. Jesus I was talking about Charles Manson and this guy looks a lot like him in
the next story. Uh Mule riding Kentucky man accused of unleashing a raccoon in bar after being turned
away. You didn't know Kevin Love was related to the Beach Boys. I don't even really know who Kevin Love
is outside of the description Ivan Sleazy just gave. Hmm. Alderdine and David Marks.
Ah the chat moved it. Are still alive. There's still some Beach Boys going. But this guy's
going to jail because of all of the raccoon crimes he's committed. Kentucky man known by locals as
Cowboy Cody was taken into custody after Ali allegedly released a raccoon into a crowded bar.
Is there a video? Did somebody pop out their camera in time? It doesn't look like there is tragically.
According to authorities 40 year old Jonathan Mason Murray of Kentucky was arrested because he
plopped a raccoon in a bar. Officers with Murray police department responded okay.
Hmm they're not giving us enough raccoon details here. I need to know what kind of ransacking this
raccoon did. The bartender at the business involved in the incident spoke to the New York Post telling
the publication that Mason had apparently trapped a raccoon earlier in the day on his farm.
We've been carrying it around with him. Okay what did he do? What happened though? What did this
raccoon get up to in the bar? Don't they know what we want to know? Uh it was more scared than
anything Hafner said in regard to the animal. Yeah I bet. He told the publication that they
tried to get the raccoon and they were bitten and it required a rabies shot. He's able to corner
the raccoon with a towel and safely return it outside. Well that's nice. I'm no city slicker.
I'm a Kentucky Kentucky girl. I had no problem catching him. They might have had a little
bit of a problem. It sounds like they got bit. That's just part of the raccoon process. You
don't understand handling animals let alone tens of thousands of rats. Tens of thousands or a couple
which is it. You don't understand handling animals of any amount in a wall or otherwise
unlike some of us non-city slickers. Some of us are rural wall folks. It's not a thing Peter that's
you're in a city in a wall but the wall is more than a city. It's rural and it's a city. Okay.
An Olympic athlete say pro doping enhanced games are a betrayal and could lead to deaths.
Athletes in IOC jointly condemn enhanced games. There's a new controversial sporting event where
competitors are encouraged to use performance enhancing drugs warning it could result in long-term
health consequences or even deaths. It also was an old SNL sketch. The all drug Olympics.
But you know what we're learning is given enough time all premises. All comedy premises
just become reality so I should really be careful. You better be careful. Stop saying stuff about
Weinstein becoming president. Scientists warn enhanced games could kill athletes. Oh yep
just to confirm that there's multiple articles about this. I guess it's real. That is worrisome.
Man 21 shoved entire USB cable up his penis in risky sex act as doctor's issued a warning.
A young man got a USB cable lodged in his penis after inserting it for sexual pleasure. Did he
get it out? Wait a minute. Safety scroll. In a few years is it kicker is it butthole
will also be on Fox? Oh god. We can only hope that it won't be. They decided to take him
to surgery put him under general anesthesia and set a camera up his urethra alongside the cable so
they could carefully pull it out without causing too much damage. What if that was what he was into
all along? What if they thought they were saving him from a fetish? What the fetish was getting
saved? Through your penis via robot. I get it. You do? I mean I kind of get it. You kind of
get it. I don't really get it. Yeah but you kind of get it. What is the article? What is this article?
The life and death of Hideo Kojima. I have to like read this by scrolling up to bounce this ad.
That's how ads are now. This is just a just a full ass bio article of Kojima. Let's just really
quick hit control f and search for ah. Check control f and search for Fiona. Nope she's not in there.
This is a fan I wanted to see if he had a Fiona name drop. Damn it. No Fiona name drop in the
Kojima life retrospective but what about that one time he tweeted at her? Oh well.
Arkely's attorneys filed for immediate release from custody alleging officials solicited inmate
to murder him. Arkely's legal team has filed an emergency motion for his immediate release
claiming that his life is in danger. In Tuesday's filing,
Kelly's attorneys claim that they have explicit evidence that officials solicited an intimate,
sorry an inmate to murder him while in custody. Officials did. Oh so they're putting the guards
on trial. Yeah well hey if I'm not in favor of our prisons being like lawless death dungeons
um where inmates can just be like sexually assaulted and stabbed all the time but
I'm not gonna look too carefully into the Arkely issue. What a sadist indeed. What a sadist he is
allegedly. Is it a legend? I don't think it's a legend anymore. Splitgate 2 director refuses
to apologize for make FPS great again. Uh that apologizes anyway. Wait what? Splitgate 2.
Splitgate 2 1047's Halo with Portals just launched last week a marked by an announcement
of a battle royale mode at Summer Games Fest but while that should have been all happy and stuff
there's been three different controversies mixed reviews disappointed fans and a game community
divided between those who support the studio's actions and those who don't like Trump references
in their games promotion. I don't even know what this game is but I can imagine a desperate social
media manager trying to drum up interest in the game by making this a controversy I guess.
Is Splitgate 2 any good? Oh you gotta play Splitgate. It's like
well they said it's like Halo with Portals. No it's more like um
it's more like Marvel Rivals when um when Doctor uh Doctor Not Doom. Doctor Magic.
Doctor Magic. Yeah you know the magic circle guy it's like that but if there was no cool
down on that ability plus Halo. Strange. You just you just said the other thing with way more words
Peter. I put my own unique spin on it. I'm a huge fan of Mr. Doctor. Doctor Mr. Okay. Wait that's
an adventure time character. No that was Mrs. Girl. No Doctor Girlfriend. Oh you're right.
Joey Chestnut boning for hotdog and wait. Joey Chestnut boning for hotdog return
in talks with MLE. Major League Eating. Isn't he kind of the only famous eater other than um
the guy from Japan whose name I can't even remember now.
Bleeding Moon People believe that Joey Chestnut is the only famous
eater. Seems like if you're the major league eating company.
Kobayashi yes exactly. There'd be two people you'd feel like you gotta sign. Kobayashi and
Joey Chestnut. No offense to all the other professional eaters but there's limited celebrity in
the field I think. Did Nathan drop him because he did a different competition. He got dropped by
someone we read this story before a different story. He got dropped by a hotdog company. Nathan's
I guess because he was eating like an impossible hotdog. He was sponsored to eat an impossible
hotdog. He did like an impossible hotdog competition. So there was all sorts of
controversy. Oh my god how troubling. Well he might be back. Back on top of Major League
Eating because you can't keep a good guy who can eat over 100 hotdogs in whatever 60 seconds.
It's quite that. Well you know he can eat hotdogs like Pac-Man. If Pac-Man eating a hotdog and was
really fast. He's like um he's like the little he's like the little squirrely shark guy from
Marvel Rivals. You've you've got to learn the name of Marvel Rivals characters if you're
going to use them for analogies. He's like the dog shark from Marvel Rivals.
But for hot because he eats things with his ability but if the ability had no cooldown
and the shark guy ate hotdog. It's Jeff the Land Shark. He's like that. Why are all your
analogies Marvel Rivals based? Well I played a couple rounds in the wall with the rats.
The rats can play first person shooting games.
Enough of them if you set a controller down they can ride over anything make all sorts of
stuff happen. Someone shared inside my 50th birthday from Diddy. Wait is this real?
Holy shit this has a way more sinister vibe. Oh god it's like a fucking nightmare.
I've never cut away from a thing and then men like and then Peter's face has been
less bad than the thing. Oh yeah are we sure that the lizard people think is Shelly? Yes.
Some people just behave behave inhumanly while being human. It doesn't mean they're
lizards for better or worse. God. Ugh gross. It's pretty gross. The world can be gross.
That's why we go to the wall. Was that Tom Cruise artsy orgy movie? Yeah that was um
eyes half shut. The long awaited sequel. He put it in a time capsule. It was released post mortem.
Somehow filmed after his death. Eyes wide baby oiled. That's more accurate.
Some more accurate title and grosser. Uh what's this? Democrats. I'll read it don't worry. Democrats
court Fox MLB analyst Adam Wainwright for congressional run. A Democratic group recently attempted to
court former St. Louis Canadians ace Adam Wainwright to run against Representative Ann Wagner.
New Congressman Wainow. Wainow? Uh oh they're giving you ads for the wallpaper you already have
because you searched it up case. You've destroyed your algorithm. A little bit of side news there.
That's fine maybe I want a different color of this beautiful wallpaper that I think
is good. That I like a lot. You like this a lot? Yeah. If you saw it in person it really all
comes together. I don't have any wallpaper in my wall. Other than the wallpaper scrapped that the
rats bring in. Okay there's a troubling thing here from Sinister Dev that he shared a couple
days ago on the ninth right before my birthday. Let me just scan it. Uh oh it's Zatayo. This might
be too much of a bummer to end on actually. It might be too weird of a thing to do right
before sending it to the streets. So it's in the bin news thread and I'm not we're just not
watching it because it's you know we'll watch it then we'll watch the thing on Walmart Mountain
Dew flavors. That'll fix it. That doesn't seem like a good plan at all case. Oh peace sending it.
Well there's a different reason to not watch it and it's just that the framing is too
odd because we can't see the subtitles because of all the cases crazy overlays. Yeah that and I can't
read the subtitles fast enough to really let everybody know what's up but if you're curious
about what Sinister Dev shared it is in the thread. Okay just to top it off with Mountain Dew.
Walmart is getting a new Mountain Dew flavor. We've got the details. It's dragon fruit. Oh wait no
it's not. It keeps surprising us after Honey Dew finally making this long anticipated release in the
United States. Oh we've got yet another scoop. Then it's not an ad. This isn't an ad. This is a scoop.
What's the fucking flavor? What is it? Wait they don't even tell us what the flavor is. Oh it's
dragon fruit. It is dragon fruit. It takes them a while to say what it is. I guess it's in the picture
at least. Oh good it's dragon fruit. I've been waiting. Some of us have been waiting. For some of us this
is news. I've been waiting for this. I prayed for this and it happened. Good for you Peter.
It is. I'm gonna I'll be if I left the wall I'd be in line but instead I'll send the rats
to parade their pantry and I'll procure as much as I need. That's just stealing. Not when the rats do it
that it's just harmless animal fun. What I can't be blamed. It's not like people can control an
army of rats with their thoughts. I don't really think you can Peter. You're trying to freak me
out by acting like you're some kind of wall mystic. It's not gonna work on me. You're just
a weird sad man who lives in the wall with a couple of rats. Couple? Couple thousand?
Whichever. Okay that's all the time we have. That is it for today. Okay he can't handle the wall.
He can't handle the rats but that's okay because he'll have no choice once he's in there and he'll
be in there very soon. We now send it to the streets to wrap the stream up. Bye bye everybody.
Darn it these glasses aren't my usual prescription. I can't see for s***.
But I don't know where the other ones are.
It's the worst. Whoa nobody's there yet. It's the worst when you gotta use your back up glasses but
I guess sometimes you've got no choice. I'll be squinting and straining all day.
Seven opinions already in the tank. You've been some busy little bees.
Just now I've got a new rule. If the same guy shows up twice I'm gonna fan his ass away.
It's simply a time-saving technique. I have no choice but
Exclamation Boy Trip is how you send me an opinion. There's no limits and no rules
other than don't send me crazy racist s*** that will make me sad. Or the other isks that make me
sad. Uh Exclamation Boy Trip is how you send me your thoughts. There's already too many
thoughts waiting for me to even freaking handle. So let's see who wants to talk to me in a second.
While I set this bad boy up. Oh right. Yes you there. My name is Trippy B. Would you like to talk
to where is he? Where is this guy? Hey Trip. It's me September the calendar cell Amanda.
Um come on you know.
Have you been checking your calendar lately? Cause if you do I will bleep.
Trying to curse. No I'll bleep. It's a thing I do.
Bleep. What is it? It's just a thing I do. I have a calendar in my bush mostly because
the hamster I live with brought it in. Huh? Oh that's weird what I just said is weird.
No that's fine man. That's good. That's good. You have a friend?
No I have an enemy who's also my accountant and happens to be a hamster. I'm nervous. I'm
gonna go. I made him nervous. That's my bad. I was trying to be a chill guy.
Uh alright. Who else wants to talk to me? Yes you there. Play the sad music for me immediately please.
Oh my god. What? You don't get to call for that. Hey Trip. Even though I may come off as the
total jerk calling the spades spades. I honestly love to hang out. I love to hang around at the park.
It's fun to loop de loop twisty weird band. Oh no the fan again. Ah the fan.
You're bad. I've tricked you and now you're gonna send me on a fun adventure with a fan.
Respond to me you son of a bi- What? What now? Nooooo! I decide when I do the fan.
Yes. Okay. God is ass I think. For sure God is ass there. Alright you there. What the fuck?
It's me. Alternate universe brand steam. Oh my.
I came to this dimension via this whole sliders thingy. Did you know? This is the only reality
where Trump won the election. Huh huh. You guys are bummed. Gotcha. You got the bad reality.
In my reality Rob Schneider went into politics and Rob Schneider is president. It didn't go into
movies. It's so crazy they're here. He's Adam Sandler's sixth most popular friend.
Because in my reality he's the president. That does not sound much better. It's really good.
He does he still has all of his catchphrases. What even are his catchphrases?
I'm a jiggaloo. Just kidding I'm the president. That's a popular word. You are not me.
Yeah I am. I'm the opposite of you though. I live inside. I only go inside. You're outside currently.
Alright. Fine. I don't entirely trust that that's alternate reality me.
But that's fine. Who else? Who else wants to talk to me? Boy that Rob Elvie. Yes hello.
What a total poser. Everyone knows he's a criminal. He has a criminal record.
It's been kept in public and yet he dismisses it. Alright. Also have I told you he got banned
from the American coaster enthusiasts and has held a grudge against you and them ever since?
Nope didn't know that. Well that's all I came to say. I agree with you. I'm a fan.
Agree with me. I didn't. I withhold all of my agreements at every point. I'm a far I'm purely
a funnel for opinions. Okay. Glad I clarified that. Yes let's see let's get the next one out here.
Yes you there. I'm trippy d. What the fuck?
On the party man. On the party man. On the party man.
Son of a fuck down. What did you come to say? Are you not going to talk unless you have your music?
What is that party about you? What makes you party man?
Tripp like you party. On the party man. On the party man. On the party man.
Thanks for the opinion. I guess wearing a little hand turkey makes you a party man.
Which I didn't know. Alright yes you there.
Hello Tripp mountain man Mike here. What is going on with you this time?
I find it interesting so many people believe that there are lizard people trying to over through the
government. One of those two little guys below you. There is no hard evidence of this. They're my
friends ignore them. Yet there are mountains. There are mountains. Man's mikes of evidence
that the gray aliens are shaving sea squishes in our ongoing war with them. Why do people
avoid the truth Tripp? Oh yeah you're the guy with the complicated war with Sasquatches that
are shaved aliens. Also there are snake people not lizard people. And so get it right. Wait that
you're fighting or in general? No time to explain if you have to ask. I'm not here to educate you.
I'm here for an opinion. I love you. I'm a big fan. He loves me. Okay. Yes you there. Yes.
Can you speak up? I'm so close. What? Tickle my beckle. Ah Jesus. I'm at the talent of an
amazing styles scavenger race. Race or a hunt? The final quest is to get a sexy street anchor to
tickle his beckle. Why do you have to put it that your whole body's a pickle? It's not in my
potlode to see it. Surprise with you. I yes you've already got my attention. Tickle my beckle.
Your whole body's a pickle. I'm a giant block of translucent pickle core. So the core is
pickle. The core is the absence of cheese. It's of my being. Go still my genitals. Okay I
figured. Goodbye. What? No. Not the fan. This is a Kool-Aid is the jar versus the fluid thing.
I agree. I think he's being a little pedantic. To me he looked like a pickle. It's like
pornography in the sense that he wanted me to do pornography and if he was doing it I would
know it's pornography. All right. Who else is out here with an opinion for me? Trippie B.
Hmm. I'm sensing someone specific. But can I find them?
All right. Sorry everyone. Just looking for this guy who's he's here. He's there. He is. Yes you there.
Hey Tripp, it's your boy Rory Blarneystone. Why does everybody wait so long to talk?
Pushing my new mixtape. Blarney Fluck of Flame. It's five bucks and I worked really hard on it.
Could you chuck it out? But one thing once you grab it is you gotta buy it. It's hot fire dog.
I've got a CD right here to sell you. I got a whole stack if you want to sell them to your
friends. You're just you've it's come to this rar rory. Come on it's right here. Buy it now
before anybody else has a chance to. Unreleased yet but tell now. Tell I've talked to you about it.
You're just selling CDs in a park Rory. This is you used to you used to make music man. I still
do. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Come on. You're making this shatman really. It's a huge
business opportunity. Talk to my hamster accountant. Obviously I'm a fan so I will take one but
I won't pay more than $300 for a holy shit. Oh yeah of course. All right. Yeah let's go do that right
now. Huge fan too. How much are CDs worth? I've lived in a park for quite a while so
not entirely sure. All right. Yeah he's his style lately is see through. He's kind of it. I kind
of needs to update his look. He's been see through for a bit. Yes you there. I'm
Casey's background. I'm his wallpaper. You don't really one second I have to fix one thing really
quick. Everything's going to look crazy for a second. There's an eclipse happening.
There's a crazy eclipse right. What what the fuck man. Sorry. Let's pass now so ignore that.
That's just a localized eclipse to only this park. That's the thing that happens here. Who knows why.
Okay I don't care. All right. I want to talk about that debate. I'm a beautiful background.
You don't really look like Casey's wallpaper. Well I'm just part of it. Like obviously I
had to leave most of me back in Casey's room but I took as much as I could to come here and say
fuck you card king. Fuck you. Whoa take it easy. How dare you. I look fucking good. I work out.
An artist made me. I'm beautiful. Fuck you. I can't tolerate that kind of discouraging
language to my viewers. I have. I don't care what you'll tolerate. You can't blow me away.
I'm wallpaper. Oh wait you can. Oh no that's super easy to blow me away. No.
You just tiny floating scraps of wallpaper. It was really easy. I don't think that's what
the request was for. Card King will get our wallpapers under control. I'm on your side.
I think it looks like ass. I mean I've got real trees here. What do I need with a goddamn wallpaper.
All right. There's people here. Oh my god she's got no body.
Whoa I got cookies. That's nuts. Whoa this is a lot of cookies. Thank you.
Eat them all on stream you say. Thank you. I'm keep.
Just checking to see if anybody's around. I'm keeping these cookies. Nobody tell case.
She made a mistake. She gave them a trip. They're mine now. Yes. Free fucking cookies.
Show cookies. Show off my gold. My golden cookies. I refuse to show who sent them. Crumble.
I said it darn it. They're crumble cookies. Which I mean the four of them.
I'm gonna I'm gonna gain some parkway. Gonna gain a little bit of parkway.
Okay. Wow we made it through the whole song. That's new. Okay. Yes you there. Hey trip it's me Kendall.
Tell case I texted him he didn't answer. Okay I'm gonna go hang out with my friend.
I guess Kendall Telegram. Did she pay someone? It looks nothing like her to come tell me that.
Yes you there. Oh hey. Notice the wallpaper came by. Crumb what do you want? Well I've always
said real men apologize and they're not afraid to. Can I get some thank you confidence building music?
I want to do the greatest apology of all time. Listen there comes a time in every man's life
when he has to admit that he what what's your why's the wind show snow. All right who else
wants a piece of trip today. Yes you there. Trip I'm alternate universe Rob Elvie in my universe.
That time I made a I blew him away with the power of my voice. Wait a minute what if he really
was alternate universe Rob Elvie. Oh god what if I've made a horrible error.
No that's how he gets you trip. That's how he warms his way back into my mind. I can't let the guilt
for what could be a decent Rob Elvie from another universe deter me from hitting the fan button when
he shows up. All right see who else is out here and willing to talk to me. What the fuck is happening here.
Meow. Meow. You're saying your trip from the cat dimension here to tell me that in our
dimension we don't have Rob Elvie get out here. He did sound like me at the end there.
Okay we're almost done guys and yes and anybody. Let's see who else wants to talk to me.
Hey yes you there. Okay trip before I say anything does this ring a bell.
Does this tell me if this rings a bell.
Stop this is the part of my life I don't want to remember.
Trip it's us it's your old scab iron from high school. Yes I remember Mitchell.
Remember when you used to pick it up.
Mitchell we didn't end on good terms you know as well as I do. Come on we want your back man
we're ready to start making more despacito covers. I'd really love to point out that
I wasn't in high school when we did that. The timeline doesn't track.
That was our later work Mitchell. But remember the good times the high school times when we covered
mariachi bands but ska style. Mitchell you died in a bus accident. You're being kept alive purely
by the power of ska. It's not healthy man. We have to let you go. You've become dark and twisted
and your immortal ska form. Play the ska with me. No Mitchell you don't want to live this way.
Let go of this mortal coil you're trapped. No one understands Mitchell the power of ska will
keep me alive. Spanish infusion ska forever. He used to be a good guy. We're almost done.
I only see a couple more opinions wandering around out here. If I can find them though.
If I can even find them though. Uh this opinion. There he is. I hope. Yeah there he is.
I trip it's me your old pal macho man Randy Savage's ghost. Well you're looking very solid today.
Not translucent at all. Listen I'm here to tell you that I'm a little disappointed with the
state of things in the world now. I'm a little disappointed with how you sound. Come on I'm a ghost.
Listen after I sacrifice myself to defeat Jesus in a steel cage match to stop the rapture I thought
everything would be yanky dory while I yeah but apparently the world's having lizard people
problems I hate lizard people tripping me and let me tell you something. He's ghost Randy Savage so
it only has about 40% of the juice of living Randy Savage which is still a lot compared to many.
Okay I gotta I gotta hurry up I gotta hurry up. Oh right yes you there. Hey trip it's me Sliders
reality Harold and Kumar. What? In our reality every other burger chain sells sliders and white
castle sells regular sized burgers. Okay that's all I got. Great to see you big fan. Was he supposed
to be both? I had questions for you. He slid right through a portal and out of here. I'll never
be able to ask. Okay so close. Yes you there. Hey trip it's cool Cumber from G4. Alright I'm
here to come out for the people who copied me after Kassim told everyone not to. Where is Kassim anyway?
Well he's working like a number of jobs sort of doing serious production work more or less.
Why do you know that? Oh I asked Kase. You guys ever gonna do that calling show again?
Um maybe. If I force him to. If I make him. No that sounds evil actually. I guess not but maybe.
Okay cool Cumber's a cool guy he gets it. Um yes yes yes yes. Just a second just finding this guy.
Yes you there. JD Vance here to say how great things are going in LA still. Still better than
I know who JD Vance is and it's not you. It's Kase. No I'm JD. I dyed my hair white to
see more like an elder statesman. It's a little fun fact for all of you. Fun fact for you Danksauce
just raided JD so get the fuck out of here. What I'm the VP. Let's talk about Gaza like I did
on Theo Vaughn. I don't listen to podcasts. I listen to the whistling of the trees. Danksauce
thank you so much for the raid. Sincerely appreciate it. Hope you had a great stream.
We're almost done here as well so I'll pay your stream for your raid forward.
Um as soon as I talk to this last little monster or person I guess I shouldn't assume.
Yes you there. Hey Tram it's me. It's me a rat. Kind of a ventriloquist rat. The only cheese I like
is on a pizza. Lower floating kind of high there. My favorite toppings include bacon,
peps, sausage, it's sausage that is. Okay did you know rats are banned in Canada? That's terrible.
Big fan thanks Tripp. One more two more showed up. Yes you there. It's Kamala Khan. I believe
the first woman president is going to be trans Donald Trump. Well I don't like that.
In a number of ways and also you're Matt Damon. What? Oh okay.
They trip it's me a perfect stopping point to this segment. Credits roll.
The segment is over but not because you said so because we're out of opinions monster creature.
No stopping point it's time to stop. Not because you said so though because the streets
are out of opinions that's the way it works. I make the rules around here not that I'm the
arbiter of this reality and it's all a dream. Everything that's happening is totally real
but because that's just the way it works. Okay I'll see you all soon. I'm Tripp Bradsey.
Thanks for your opinions. Bye bye. It's getting hot in the studio. Hope it's cool around those
streets. We can only hope. Tripp you got to send your opinions away. He kept his opinion out. There it
goes. Tripp stop infiltrating my reality trip. All right let's find someone to raid over a
Tripp's old ska music from his band. That did uh Spanish infused ska music. Looks like Danny's
uh we're gonna raid Danny plots. Guys thanks for hanging out. Thanks for all the birthday wishes.
Sincerely appreciated. Um what a stream. What a time to be alive. We'll be back on Friday
with uh maybe the wall. We'll see how crazy the wall prep gets. I gotta prep some stuff
before I go to this wall. But definitely if music says segment if you guys want it
the secret Friday segment and whatever else ends up happening you know the drill
stay safe out there have a beautiful rest of your Wednesday and say hi to Danny for me. It's a
we'll just say a case raid. I just keep it simple. Sometimes you know when we raid with
character names it probably is a little confusing and disorienting for the person that I'm
raiding because um they don't know who any of you are. Well can I know who you are? Sorry I ate a robot.
What? Sorry I ate a robot it keeps coming up.
I'm eating wamos. There's not even a person in them which is the best part usually.
Not that I eat people. Where's the little guy? Okay Bobito thanks for hanging out. Say hi to
Danny for me. It's a case raid and uh see you soon. Bye bye.