I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
It's Radio Cut Man.
Okay, um, uh, thank you for seeing us on short notice, Mr. Mayor.
Um, any plans for the city today?
In particular?
Okay, I do have a question.
Uh, what's Papito dressing up for during Halloween?
Is that racially fine for him to do that?
Okay, good point.
All right, just one other question from me.
No other questions.
Oh, sorry, actually, uh, Mayor Godzilla.
I shouldn't say it like that.
Mayor Godzilla, I'm just gonna say it like that to be safe.
Uh, where is Godzuki?
All right, no further questions at this time.
Thank you for your time, Mr. Mayor.
I'm gonna do you a favor.
Round here needs a mayor.
We're setting it off today, everybody.
Bring back Godzilla.
You have the opportunity to.
It's once again election night here in Rennerton.
A momentous day.
A hype train is also one of our potential former or future mayors.
The hype train is also started maybe announcing his candidacy.
As far as I know, currently the only candidates are...
Oh my, it's really setting off right now.
Yeah, that's cheese.
Indeed it is.
That's another former mayor, Papito.
I think we have Jeb's deceased father as a candidate.
Definitely Godzilla, and we might just kind of free ball the other ones.
You know what?
Maybe Munchkut will also be making an appearance.
Chrom, I believe, was also selected as an option.
Well, was put forth as an option, but didn't win.
Despite previously essentially saving the town.
Miss Gina Darling and her big-ass head could be running this year.
Who knows?
So far, Mayor Godzilla has not accomplished much in office.
He's built a couple tents and accidentally murdered one of his elite bodyguards.
Other than that, he has not accomplished too much.
Voting is the key to the future.
Voting is the key to the future, everyone.
Let's see.
We have Fatty Arbuckle, Hamster Who Loves Hamtaro, Miss Gina Darling, Johnny Jim, not Casey's brother.
Let's get some election music going for this important occasion.
Who will be our next mayor?
We're about to find out.
I'm loading up the poll as we speak.
Who is your next mayor?
Is it Godzilla?
Is it Jeb's dad?
Is it... oh shoot, what one there?
I'm assuming it was Hamtaro.
A hamster who loves Hamtaro?
Or did someone else pull it out at the end? Was it Gina?
Oh shit, it was Gina Darling and her huge-ass head.
Um...
And then I guess the rest will just say Munch is on there, because you know, he often is.
And, um...
I don't know, I'll take any suggestion from chat.
For the fifth one, we won't even do a vote.
Just whatever I see in there first.
I'll just throw it on there, honestly.
A second Godzilla.
Ernest P. Warrell.
Oh, and Papito. Well, Papito's easy, because we know we can get him.
Alright, the election is live.
Who will be our next mayor, hopefully leading Rennerton
out of its current state of what some are calling extreme loitering?
The epidemic of extreme loitering has taken over our city.
Loiterers from mall to mall, from wall to wall, from mountain to hall.
Wherever you look, outside of one very small cleared out area,
there seems to be hordes, millions even, way more citizens than we've ever had,
of loitering, really sick looking people.
I'm not trying to say anything offensive there.
They look in bad shape, and that's saying something coming from this city
who's been drinking industrial waste for 100 years.
Who will be your next mayor right now?
It is a dead heat between Munch, Jeb's dad,
Gina Darling's huge head, which got cut off there.
It's not a huge hair.
They're trading it back and forth, Papito trailing well behind,
Godzilla with 0% of the vote, despite his bold strategy of just roaring.
It was pretty much how he mayered.
But who will be our next mayor?
It's an early stream. It's also going to be unfortunately a short stream
because the mayor's office apparently closes around 130 Pacific time.
Even though Rennerton isn't necessarily on Pacific time,
very unclear where this place even is.
Who will be the next mayor?
I'm excited to find out. I'm of course, handsome,
hand them squittered, been covering these elections
for longer than any human should be alive.
But I think I'm keeping it nice and tight.
At this point, things couldn't really get worse.
And once you hit rock bottom, it's only up from there.
Most of the citizens seemingly dead...
Well, loitering. Where are we going to go with loitering?
And it appears at this time I can officially announce
Gina Darling and her huge ass head is the next mayor of Rennerton.
The hype has officially ended just in time.
Let me thank our election underwriters just in time
for Miss Gina Darling's huge ass head...
Well, her and her huge ass head to take office.
A huge thank you to Skymer for the 100 bits.
And of course, Tam Tran.
Underwriting this election nearly single-handedly, dropping the 10 subs.
Was it in support of Gina Darling?
Campaign financing in Rennerton, of course, notoriously confusing.
You can donate to a candidate. Will it even go to them?
Who knows?
Can we get her?
A great question.
It remains to be seen, but I'll be seeing it very soon,
right after these brief messages.
A great day for democracy?
Well, that remains to be seen.
Can anyone pull us out of the grips of this loitering crisis?
Is Miss Gina Darling's huge ass forehead the one to do it?
We'll be finding out together right after this.
See you all very soon.
It certainly matters what their name is.
So vote for Dwight N'Chem Ruckold Johnson.
Cuz O'Johnson 317 says,
I just hate your ass like a sweet potato pie.
Sorry, just getting Gina.
We'll be back with Gina in just a second.
Gina isn't here today.
Her forehead is in charge now.
That's right.
I crawled off Gina's scalp
and finally obtained a body of my own.
Gina's forehead is calling the shots now, humans.
The day of the forehead is upon us
and I'm 100% forehead in a human suit.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
All I need to do is reclaim territory
and then the age of the forehead will be upon us.
Indeed, I fit comfortably into the chair
because, as you know,
I was previously a Godzilla-sized forehead.
Some say you could actually fit the entire town of Renerton in one of my forehead wrinkles.
A river runs through it. More like a forehead wrinkle is the size of a river because I'm
Gina's forehead. Mmm. Forehead's so big it should have gotten its own area code and it did because
now I'm the mayor of Renerton. Anyway let's do some mayoring I guess. How does this work?
Mmm. Yes. Ah. Advanced Mayoring software is a forehead I'm of course familiar with this.
Am I supposed to have four sexy ladies as my mayorial guard? Did someone recklessly run them into a
horde of zombies or something? Oh. Looks like there's a zombie approaching down there. Sorry I mean
loiterer. I realized apparently to Renerton as citizens it's an offensive term to call them zombies.
They're extreme loiterers. Not that I care for what you humans think. I am a forehead. You know
what they say about big foreheads? Indeed that someday they will take over the world. This human suit
has a penis and I don't like that by the way. It gets in the way. I don't really know why you
guys do that stuff. Let's see. We need more tents to house my loyal servants. Is this Asian face? No
it's forehead face. I think it'd be a stretch to call it that. I'm going to call that a stretch
and I know a thing or two about stretching. I was formerly Gina's forehead. Now my own thing.
More stuff. Indeed I am a forehead face. Do-ta-ta-do. What are you doing? We only have 54 citizens? It seems
like that's low. Oh look, free stuff. Go get it. Go get it me sex. Yes, excellent work.
Alright. Everyone guard my precious servants. Indeed my frontal cortex is fully active. More
tents. More servants. Oh look we have like a little lake here. That's fun. We can do little
lake activities. Oh that little fishing hamlets isn't that cute. We're making, I will make
it cute. To be clear, I am not Gina Darling. I am just a forehead skin. Sloughed off. Then
radioactively dragged through the waters of Rennerton, forming into my own being. But I refuse to
admit that I'm human. Here, I'll take on a form perhaps more pleasing to you humans.
There we go. Ah. Now that I'm mayor, my power is growing. Yes. Yes, I'm still evolving. As
I was previously a forehead, you know I'm kind of acclimating to things still. We need
more power. Look at him go. Humans are good for walking around and shooting things.
I'll give them that. These loiterers simply refuse to stop loitering. They've been
warned. We were like loitering is illegal here now. It's been declared illegal by Mayor
Godzilla. And I'm maintaining that policy. I might not have agreed with my, uh,
former mayoral adversary, but we can agree there's too much loitering in
Rennerton. We're missing the breaking news of President Biden biting babies. And
they say we bite too much here. I'm more into local politics, actually. But that does
sound, you know, that does sound very Rennerton of him. To just be sort of going full
zombie on a baby. I propose that defense structures are the impenetrable forehead of
the city protecting the mushy brain matter of its interior. This is the kind of
campaign speech that resonates with me. And thus should resonate with you, meat sacks.
No one's defending our town. Go here. Can you run through here? No, they can't.
Okay, get down here then. Did I kill another? Did we lose another sexy lady defender?
Oh, she's right there. Or is she? Oh, God, we're just down to... We're down to two?
How did that even happen? Look, it's not my fault. Just know this. It's not my fault.
All right. All right, I'm really rich and I'm doing a bad job of spending our money.
Oh shoot, am I lying? I shouldn't be saying stuff like that. I mean, I'm doing a great
job and I'm saving us money by not using it. All streets lead to Rennerton, yes.
So what's the deal with Joe Biden biting a baby? Is that real? That sounds like the
kind of October surprise I can really get behind. Ah, yes, MTV's the head.
Truly a seminal era for us. Giant heads. What the frick? Oh my gosh, there's zombies out here.
In the city, you fool. We're doing okay. We're growing. We're 30, we're flirty, we're thriving.
You apparently playfully chomped on a bunch of babies in Halloween costumes. Playfully chomped.
Hmm, I like that phrasing. I feel like I could use that in one of my campaigns,
because there are a ton of voters that do seem to enjoy biting people. I'd say the majority
of people actually in Rennerton. Now one of their favorite things seems to be biting.
So maybe it's about time someone had the foresight to embrace that,
and I'll follow the president's lead here. Joe Biden bites several babies at a Halloween event.
Oops. Oh, shoot. I might have oopsied. I goofed it.
Dang it. Oh, do-do-do-do, darn.
Um. Well, Rennerton's once again been destroyed. Really didn't last too long this time.
We have a feed to the mayor's office. As you can see, it's me case. Yeah, we can confirm that Rennerton
has once again been destroyed. You really hate to see it. You really hate to see it.
Well, that means it's once again election night here in Rennerton. That's exciting.
And of course, as it's an emergency election, there's only two options on the poll,
ousting the former mayor as he was torn limb from limb by ravenous Rennerton citizens.
That's really his mistake. The mayor's office is in an undisclosed location. He wandered out in
the streets to yell at people, fleshy meat sacks, go back home. Did not work. I'll say that.
All right. The greatest October surprise of all is when your town once again is reduced to zero
citizens. Who will be your next mayor? Is it munch who's always on every emergency election?
Is it finally ham tarot or we'll just we'll just bring in Biden. Maybe the president can finally
pay attention to us. This emergency election between munch ham tarot and Joe Biden is munch the
return to normalcy that our city needs. Or is it finally the hamsters time to, I guess,
just run around a little tubes while who knows what happens. I for one, it's above my pay grade.
My pay grade suggests just sit here and offer the facts. The facts are one of these was a
mayor for over a hundred years, somehow arguably brought a Rennerton to its greatest heights
and its lowest steps. It's regularly both destroying and rebuilding the town. Ham tarot,
of course. I think a hamster that maybe solves crimes and Biden is for now, at least the president.
If he can't run for that again, I guess why not be mayor of one of America's question mark?
Greatest cities, Rennerton. Well, now really more of a wasteland,
a filled with moaning, starving monsters. And that's actually the name of our sports team now.
So I'm not saying anything offensive about the loitering community. Although I would encourage
you to return home. Currently, there is a curfew in place where if you're up for any amount of hours,
you will be shot on site. You want to believe it's a hamster who loves ham tarot, but it's not
ham tarot. That makes sense. And that is actually who's running. Ham tarot for short,
but their full name is a hamster who loves ham tarot, but is not ham tarot. And they are
currently really running away with it. Could this hamster be the change that Rennerton needs?
Because we definitely seem to need one. For instance, it'd be nice to change from
a complete wasteland, me being trapped in this studio for years, years I've been in here.
Alone. Just me. How do we have power? I don't know. I don't know. If I think about it too
much, I start to sweat and whimper. And I don't want to do that. Ham tarot is one. Thank God.
Anything. Anything has to be better than what's happening. So we now send it back
to the mayor's office where I guess a hamster is standing by. Sure. Great. We'll see you soon.
For all of us here at Rennerton News, it's 12. I'm Handom Squidward and we'll see you all very soon.
Stay safe out there because if you're hearing this, you are one of the last people. Bye-bye,
everybody. Sorry, everyone. I just always have to set up this thing for the new mayor. One sec.
Raise the little bit. Okay. By the way, I'm a hamster that loves ham tarot. I'd love for
ham tarot to be mayor, but they're very busy. So I will be hamster style. Restoring this
town to greatness. Okay, let's get into it. Rennerton. How hard can this be, honestly?
My new strategy for mayoring is probably going to be collecting wood and then
mushing it up, cutting it up in a little bit, and then sleeping in it. I think for too long we've
been so defensive in people tension houses when the real growth we needed. Lots of wood is for
me to sleep on as long as it's in a little bit. Okay, human fellow, bear and find me some wood, please.
We're going to need a lot if we want to restore this town.
Yeah, we're going to make Rennerton hamster. I guess not again. I guess just for the first time.
Oh, a place. That's the thing for me to loot. Destroy it and give me the wood inside, please.
Oh my god, look at what shit there is here.
Let's be rich. Oh, yes, we've already started. The wood farming begins.
What's up? Any insecticides? Hamster, dominance, whatever.
Okay, more houses, please. And build yourself with
collectively fish to eat. And also, whatever, build something or something.
This is the concept of a plan, and I have the concept of a plan, and I'm acting on that concept of a plan.
Okay, I won't eat anything. That's for me, that's for me. We have enough for nope, okay?
Waiting on orders.
Good, good, good, good.
I don't understand what other humans are so stressed about. So it's like a wild wandering monster's
defense. Power hands are how it feels to roll. Uh-oh, yeah, okay.
You too. Wishing back.
What are you doing to me, attack? Why are you really being attacked? Everybody relax.
Okay, now we have time.
Everybody chill.
Does somebody need a mayor?
Yeah, I'm thinking I do.
Bonus ranger two.
Hey, give me more of this weight.
I weight is a rich, poor rich and woman that can shoot stuff.
Run for it, you're gonna die.
What's up?
Any better?
Uh-oh, this looks maybe not good.
Right away we're gonna get this place in order with some hamster-style building.
Keep everything tightly packed.
Construct more wheels. When can I construct wheels?
Attention, building completed.
I'll be taking questions very soon.
But for now we need to establish this town.
Building completed.
Do you need attention?
Get some back.
Push some back, ladies.
Um, yeah, give me more stuff.
Okay, and importantly we need to tell the board.
There we go, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I want.
Watch the board, please.
I'm going to the board for everyone.
Just put me on.
It's gonna be rich.
What?
What are you doing?
That's the board.
Sure.
Stop being lazy.
You pay.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh yeah, where's my green yard and rice?
Let's do this.
Yes.
Okay.
Pull me some more stuff.
Let's get the job.
Yes.
Okay.
Let's do this.
Okay.
Okay.
Building completed.
Gotcha.
It's in so much money.
Building completed.
I'm being too busy with money.
How do I need more food?
Give me lots to eat food.
Yes, I really gotta find the right food.
I'm so good at it.
Better food.
Great.
What's up?
Any infected around?
You have to get money.
Yes.
You are gonna pay me for this.
All right.
Great.
Yeah.
Building completed.
It's me.
I'm kidding.
Family only with a star thing or something.
I would work out of energy.
Hello?
Building completed.
Okay.
I'm so lovely.
It's a pleasure.
What do you think about baby food?
Tell him more.
You again.
Great.
This better be good.
Okay.
What?
Yeah.
Great.
Okay.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Okay.
Yes.
I'm more precious.
Oh my god they did.
They're so big and stuff.
That's my stuff.
I'm going to do my stuff.
I'm going to have a fit.
I'm going to do more military stuff.
Yeah, construct me a military.
Let's take over the goddamn entire country.
But now the power is immediately going in my head.
Oh.
I'm going to be a part of this.
I'm going to be a part of this.
I'm going to be a part of this.
I'm going to be a part
of this.
I'm going to be a part of this.
By service building completed.
Make some fire.
Especially for big fire
Awful at eighty four citizens.
Everything is going fine.
By
I'm doing at least
One action per minute.
which for a hamster is in state.
Any orders?
Attention.
Attention. Building completed.
An elation causing worse?
Because it's going to fall?
It's worse if the staff order to be in a theater.
There.
I'm getting it done.
At open time.
Attention. Building completed.
Perfect.
I'm going to send lawyers.
All the way.
I need to run away.
You again?
Just tell me what to do.
Building completed.
Do I stay here?
I'm just ordered.
You pay.
Order is served.
I'm really pushing ahead.
I'm getting more elation.
Building completed.
We got B.
Oh, somebody already died?
Oh, no.
Attention. Building completed.
Let's go.
You're not yet.
Come on.
Perfect.
I just got some less bad.
You again?
Yeah.
Okay.
Back to the actual order.
What can I do?
I need a warehouse.
I need a workshop.
And the city actually does this business.
Building completed.
Can I just kind of wander around?
That's perfect.
Any more elation?
Yeah.
Coming down.
Sir.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I think I know this one yet. What? I can't? I'm not.
Attention, do you believe it?
Alright.
Okay, let's take a couple questions at this time now that's anything so stabilized.
I was, and it's my Mario real duty to take a couple questions so let's set it to the classroom.
I couldn't see you all.
Can't you there? You have a question for me?
How often does Godzilla get confused for a Halloween decoration?
I still have questions about Godzilla.
I don't know.
Okay. Best flavored whale.
I could live inside of a whale very easily. It's so much space.
So I'd say I really want to know the one from Pinocchio and I'd like to taste that one.
Okay.
Mr. Mayor, some say that your atomic props, poops are the cause of the pollution of Rennerton's waterways.
Where do your atomic poops go?
I suspect it was a question for Godzilla but he is a friend being ousted from office unfairly
and he is the outside of the same political party of creature
and his atomic poops just blend perfectly in to the general spirit of Rennerton, I think.
I fear anti-atomic poop and I guess they're just anti-Rennerton citizens going to the bathroom
is that what your anti-Rennerton citizen shouldn't poop?
No, no, I'm not. I just, well, okay fair.
Is masturbating Godzilla legally distinct enough to not be sued by Conan?
No, actually. We had to remove the Godzilla's genitals in order for him to become mayor
and it was a sacrifice the Godzilla really made.
It actually also made an entire apartment complex for a neighboring town
because when they plopped off they just landed and as we were safe to go for immediately bonnet
and started stealing it up with condos.
The genitals fatted.
I write no more questions for me.
Okay, I ask you there.
I ask you, do you have any questions?
For me?
Pretty woman has the largest just-to-box office of any romantic comedy of all time.
Your thoughts on Rodin aficionado Richard Gear?
You're really coming in here to bring up the order me?
The gear is, uh, escaped.
Prosecutions for too long.
And with me, I ask, is it one of my own, King of Rennerton?
No, you're Mr. Mayor?
I'm maybe a master anyway.
I'll be bringing the full force of the Rennerton State to bear against Mr. Gear.
Well, that's not that much force because there's only like 80 of us
and we're barely surviving and most of the survivors are in this press room.
We don't know where our families are and we'd love to know.
Okay, next question, Dwight.
Okay, do you think you would be more effective
if you were controlling a human by pulling their hair?
Oh!
That's not a bad idea because it's really hard for me to reach the buttons.
They're like really far apart.
I don't know why you humans side up that way.
It's honestly crazy.
We're like miles apart.
Every single button you guys make.
No further questions.
Okay, let's get back to the important work of mayor in the city.
No further questions this time.
You know, I'm like, oh, no further questions.
Shut up, shut up, no, everyone shut up.
No, please.
Are you Bill Rennerton?
We really don't see this going around.
If we already got so many people shooting stuff,
we could just get around the whole town.
We got it though.
We got it.
So it's not a big deal.
Everybody relax.
More people please.
Why do we need more food?
Everybody's so hungry all the time.
Honestly, how much do people need to eat?
Yeah, that's actually one of the metrics I scored on my iPhone.
Yeah, you want to have a beer with.
There's a big reason I got elected.
I'm like so proud of this one.
I see you're going down the road.
See what I'm going to do.
Oh, so, I'm fine.
I'm fine.
It's better to be fine.
I'm feeling the rest of the time.
There's more trains everywhere.
I'm fine, everybody.
Is everything okay?
Let's go.
That's a little bad, sir.
I'm in the hospital for a great deal, man.
Hey, commander.
Hey, Branch.
Any orders?
Why are there so many lawyers?
If they didn't go home,
I hope they lost the thing we were building up here.
That's my dad.
No scouting this time.
That will be easy.
And also,
I need this.
No, two of these.
Let's just pump these guys out.
Stronger military.
Shaps are strong.
Bro-military.
A foreign country in the hamsters forever.
I hope they won.
I'm freaking feeling it.
We're doing great.
I'm a blood-offended spy.
Yeah, you ordered?
You paid.
Yes.
It's not working.
It's not working at all.
I need to do degrees.
And then I'll be remembered as big a reason for my time.
People are so hungry and needy for power.
Attention.
And do I feel like I'm really taking care of our citizenry?
Building completed.
Attention.
Building completed.
I'm going above and beyond to take care of these people.
They're so building-sensors, I guess.
Maybe we'll need a sensor?
I'm gonna build a wall.
Do you remember when they do that?
Build a wall? Build a wall?
Oh, big. Uh-oh.
It's not going too deep.
Move it! Move it!
You're probably worried.
Let's go.
Expand the empire.
More food.
They need power to survive.
Building complete.
And then a wall will go to the wall.
If that's what the government's like.
And now it's so, so safe.
Attention.
Have you ever been feel some safe?
Now that I built a wall.
Any orders?
Understood.
My APM is really increasing, I swear.
But, God, we're so poor.
Oh, no, we're so poor.
Attention.
Attention.
Anyways, I think the name of this game is...
...reporting for new technology.
Why the food lies until we have a boat?
I don't know, we can probably get a back to $600,000 for the food, right?
But we just do that, and, you know, everybody knows what we're doing.
That's the deal? Uh-oh.
What are you gonna do now?
Attention. Building complete.
Oh, the colony!
Re-enforcer...
...your service. Our defense is being attacked.
Sit down.
Our forces are in danger.
What do you want?
Commander, let's go.
They are attacking the colony defenses.
Who?
I'm running!
Oh, shit. Uh-oh.
There's nobody here.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, it's all right.
I hope you're not wasting my time.
I need a friend here.
I'm glad we need a friend here.
The colony is under attack.
Uh-oh.
You again?
I didn't mean to say this.
What?
I'm gonna save the world.
You again? Okay, let's do this.
Are you sure?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
They are attacking.
Attention. Building completed.
I didn't do that.
Roger that.
Units under attack.
Oh, didn't I?
I'm gonna do a stop.
He's merriest. I went so hard.
I was doing so good.
Jesus.
It's easy.
It's easy. It's easy.
It's easy. It's easy. It's easy.
Well, Rennerton has once again been leveled to absolute dust by
horving bands of marauding loiterers that did eat most of the few citizens that still survived.
A truly tragic day as the couple of families that managed to actually
eco to meager existence amongst the ruined waste of our once great city have once again been eaten
and then turned into more loiterers. It's like a loitering disease or something. It's not great.
Well, with that in mind, because we have such little time left, we're going to, unfortunately,
I've been told that they're instituting munchcut law, which I guess is a thing.
Rob Elvie via jail is also being requested. Someone wants to hear from Rob Elvie in the jail.
So maybe munch can check in with them. But for now, I guess let's send it back to Ralph,
who's, I guess, just decided he's mayor again. I didn't realize that's a thing he can do,
but he has and he says he's just going to do it till the next election. I see no reason
not to trust him. So back to the mayor's office. Marshall Law. I actually just forgot my keys.
I left my keys in this desk. I have a mini fridge. I have an all I have an all amp energy drink mini
fridge and I lock it. But I left the shoot. I'm teleported by accident. I left the keys in here.
My mistake happens to the best of us. I guess while I'm here, I can maybe refound
Rennerton in a way where it doesn't immediately succumb to the loitering infection.
I will take one question before I start this or whatever. How many we get?
You might have some questions, I guess, because I forgot my keys and now I'm going to do a little
mayor ring. So let's send it down to the press corps where the jackals apparently want to talk
to me. Oh my gosh, I was so excited. Just chomping at the bit. Chomping at the bit as
usual. Maybe you can try relaxing for one second in your life. Yes, you there. You've got to
Yes, you there. You've got to go. What's wrong? You're not supposed to be in here.
Why not? Feels good to be here, man. You got to hand them. Go back to it. You're supposed to be
the lead anchor. Well, I mean, you know, I'm concerned because I don't have any opinions.
Wait, we did have one. Are you glad Crumb hasn't shown up at all? Sorry, the opinions didn't
quite grab that one even though they were supposed to. Am I glad? Well, why would he show up?
He failed this city. Look at the state it's in. This is what
four to 14 years under Crumb has gotten you. Everything leveled. People refusing to return
to their ruined homes to live amongst the sewage and garbage and radioactive waste.
Everybody blame in the city that they infected us. We've proudly been infected for as long as I
can remember infected with the spirit of Rennerton and the taste of our delicious industrial water
still sold at an industrial sewage plant near you. Oh, I can taste it clearing up my whole system.
What an incredible dissolving and what a delicious beverage. You're still selling that, of course.
Backbone of this economy. I think we're funding all these tents. Okay. Is there any truth to the
rumor that you murdered former mayor Pisa Hut? See, it's been so long. You probably died in
natural causes. Is that a thing that can happen here? I mean, you know, in a sense, all of the
wandering is natural. It's a thing that nature wrought upon us as punishment for our sins.
And who are we to turn our backs on the punishments that nature hands down to us?
We must accept these things and prove our humanity against them unless you're a coward.
What? Crumb is living, is a living walking skid mark.
See, that's the kind of question I can get behind. Exactly. That's what I'm talking about.
This is how we get Rennerton back on track. Thank you. I'm tempted to take no more questions.
So I just, I guess I just won't. Okay, fair enough. I mean, I don't really get why you're
mayor in the first place. So look, there's no time to get into that right now. I got it.
I got a whole city to run. Geez. Always trying to distract me from the important task at hand.
I'm trying to establish what the hell. I think I clicked on the wrong thing. God damn it.
It's showing me a whole cinematic. Nobody asked for that.
Excuse me. God damn it. Enough of this. Excellent idea, sir.
Uh, save back. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Game option. Save an exit. There we go.
All right. Let's re, let's refound Rennerton already. Let's finally refound Rennerton.
It's about damn time. But what's happening right now?
Uh, hey, this is crumb. I'm just back in the press room. I know Munch might not be here,
but I just wanted to let you know you failed as a mayor. You plunged us into chaos.
You should resign now. And also I was next in line and I will be up next.
That's not how it works. You have to win the actual election. Oh, look who decided to show up.
Well, look, I'm busy just finding a decent plot of land
to establish our town on. Some of us are actually doing work here, crumb.
Well, I mean, I'd love to do the work of showing your stupid ass up. You completely
destroyed the town. No, you did. You were mayor. I wasn't even mayor the night that the
couple of decades that the Count got destroyed in Chrome. We win. Look, I have actual mayoring to do.
So miss me with that. Okay, I gotta go back to the secret passage to the office that is actually
protected from the apocalypse. Thank you very much. Jesus. Everybody on top of my ass. Can't get
a single thing done. Even though I'm just trying to help out after I forgot my keys.
Okay, back to work, ladies. My sexy personal bodyguard of
banging redheaded archers. And look, that's what they like to be called. That's not me being
sexist. They requested that I name them that the banging redheaded archers.
Four people get mad at me for no fucking reason. Oh, look, the old old Rennerton,
we found a little bit of it. We'll be recapturing that later. I suspect maybe,
you know, it's not too hospitable. Rumor is that the few citizens that did agree to return to their
homes are also in very bad moods. The hamster destroyed the entire town, cats paw. You know,
maybe electing a hamster to run a city. Not always the best move. I'm just putting that out there.
Look, I'm not trying to judge the people of Rennerton, but you know, you vote for bananas,
you vote for hamsters, and it seems to lead the town to ruin. You know, maybe there's more reasonable
options on the ballot, and I can prove that via martial law because I happen to be grandfathered
into the city's constitution as our permanent, permanent catastrophe general, a title that I
didn't make up. Where the fuck, how come that hamster got all that free money and I can't find
any? This wilderness is inhospitable to humans and way too forgiving to hamsters.
There's not a goddamn secret drop in sight. This is ridiculous. All right, feed the people, I guess.
I guess feed the people. Angry Mob says, Munch must resign now. Great idea. Why? I'm just kidding.
Just because I, look what I just did there. I expertly navigated one of my loyal servants
through treacherous waters, something that every other mayor has completely failed to do.
The system is rigged against me. I mean, I'm very fairly seized power during a catastrophe.
If that's not politics 101, then I don't know what is. It's just not safe for there to be
democracy right now. I'm trying to make it safe for democracy. There we go. Here's some fucking
shit. Goddamn. But look, of course, they're blaming me. Yeah, give me some wood shit.
Look, that guy's our deputy mayor. All right. I happen to be our wartime catastrophe general.
So I actually supersede him in the command structure. That's why I'm going to have to stay
in office for just a little bit longer. Calls for me to resign intensify.
That's not fair, but it's just like one person. I'm tired of one person making all the calls,
man. That's not who says that one person should just be able to unilaterally say whatever they want.
I mean, other than me, obviously, walking access. Why is this so close to us? Oh,
shit, get out of there, ladies. Right? These freaking loiterers are getting so aggressive.
Go home. The 7-Eleven is closed. All right. We need some wood. I wish you would.
What? Get us more shit. Demolish this. We need more military immediately. What other mayor
built you a goddamn barracks this quickly? Only Munchkut has the foresight to immediately
start pumping sexy ladies, by the way. Everybody wasting all that money on guys with shotguns?
No. We need an army of sexy women with arrows. That's what the other mayors weren't getting.
That's just strong fundamentals, y'all. Never build anything but ladies with arrows,
because they're baddies. Why would we build something else? I'm going to pump out so many
ladies with arrows in the next 20 minutes that I'll probably just save the town.
There's protesters that want to speak to me outside. Ooh, just
crumb getting knot on by a couple of delinquents. The streets look comfortably foggy to me.
You guys just, you can't be trusted with democracy right now. You're going to elect
seven more hamsters. We're never going to make progress back to 600,000 citizens.
Hello, Papita. Microphone 900. That's what we like to see. Yes, that's, I mean, I don't
normally agree with the president, but I do like it when he gives me free shit.
Yeah, his mouth has been puttin' in the work today. It's finally working towards something positive,
aka givin' me some fuckin' money. And look at this. We're already pumpin' out. We're pumpin'
out these ladies, these hard-working women with arrows. The backb- the new backbone of the
Rennerton economy. It's just absolute stone-cold pens with bows and arrows. The dream economy.
All right, what are we low on? Oh, the people are cryin' out, I haven't eaten in weeks.
Well, who's feeding you at all is what I say. Only one guy. Me. Dang it, there's nowhere to build
this shit. It's not my fault that this is an inhospitable wasteland. I can't be blamed for that.
Look out for what? There's nobody to protest left. Everybody's too busy loitering. Sorry,
y'all. There's nobody comin' to save us. The only thing I can do is build an army of ladies
with arrows. Protesters have infiltrated my office. What do you mean this statue? This guy above me?
Don't make me go to the bunker. Oh, happy now you accidentally- you accidentally activated the
office's internal defense system. And now I'm stuck in this bunker for like a couple minutes.
There's just no stop in this. I gotta restore the town by building an army of beautiful women
with arrows. It's the will of the people, y'all. What's more democratic than just doing the
stuff that you assume the people want? Everybody's so hungry. There's perfectly good grass you can
chew on all over the place. You got like an overabundance of grass, if anything. They infiltrate
my bunker. If you say it, then it must be true. Nah, it's not, though. That's the problem.
Well, I escaped my- what the hell? God damn it. The old double- all freaking double elevator.
Okay, we don't have much time left. I need to hurry up and make way more ladies with arrows.
Are my citizens rabbits? Nah, they're like these little- they're like these little, um,
you know, they're all- they're all redheaded ladies. Every single one of them. The new
Rennerton style is just only redhead. And I'm in favor of it. I've been pushing that idea
for a long time. I'm glad to see that the Rennerton's finally adopting my plan to only have a stone cold,
straight 10, redheaded beauties. Nah, they're not clones. Look, this one is walking like this. This
one's in a different place walking like that. They're unique and individual creatures.
All right, ladies. You're doing great. Clear up more shit, though. We need to expand way more
rapidly, right? Look at me actually building defenses. No mayor's thought to do this. I got
arrow ladies everywhere. Oh, whoops, I'm really rich by accident. Ha ha. Use to that. Boom,
there's that thing. Rejoice. I built the thing.
All right, people are soon to be starving again. The voices are clear. The people are calling for
my resignation. There's only 136 people. How much can they even do? I mean, I only got like 15 minutes
left and I gotta go. And then, you know, the city- the city's on its own. If we want to use that 15
minutes to just whine and make a new mayor, I guess we can. Okay.
What the hell? I'm getting an alert that there's a special election happening. Goddamn it.
Okay, I guess I will campaign briefly. If I must actually run for mayor, even though that's
ridiculous. Give me just a second. We'll be right back to the actual work of marrying.
Ruined citizens of Renerton. Good to see- stop modulating my voice down. There we go.
I'm back yelling out over the wastes, asking for your vote, really demanding it if I'm being real.
Look, this place has been- look around, man. It's not good. It does not look great.
The vibes are not strong. My two security guards are looking a little rough. They could definitely
use some skincare. And I've just been informed that the only person I'm running against this
year is Crumb, which is insane. But the most insane thing of all is nobody's freaking rapping
anymore. And that's a Renerton tradition, all right? So if you have any campaign promises
you want me to make, I'll make them. Don't worry. I get how this city works. You want a thing,
you put it in chat, and I'll make it happen. And don't make the mistake of falling for Crumb's
nonsense, okay? What's he gonna do? Gonna- oh, I'm sorry. I'm getting a text.
Yeah, I got a text. I still get text. I still have self-service. Anyway, let's do this, man.
We can together forever. The founding words of this town. Better together, we can.
We're gonna make Renerton rap again. We forget what matters in this town.
Making big promises, dropping big rhymes. Cause I can. Yes, I can.
I came from nothing. Now I'm the best, damn. Best on the mic.
Best in the night. It's been a long time, long night for Renerton, but I think I can fix it,
all right? Look, I eat butts. I eat wet drop butts. Wide, I eat butts. And frankly, I cannot get
enough. But too long there has been some zombies in the streets that are getting kind of tired between
all the sheets. They ain't eatin' out ass and I'm not giving a- a pass. I'm saying, bitch, you need
to eat ass. Spread the hole. That's the goal. Campaign promise, uh-huh, I get it done.
Number one under the sun. Every time that I'm spreading another Betty's bun,
I brought red heads back to Renerton. And now every time you in the streets, you like, damn.
Because passing you is another tan. That means that munch your best friend.
Bringing back, no I'm not. I can't bring back, no. Okay, look, you trying to trip me up,
you can't trip me up. Because I'm the best. What up? And some people are bringing that back,
that kind of face. But I only did that once, okay? And I acknowledge that was my only mistake.
All right, gray face. Not this year. Let me be extremely fucking clear.
The grass is greener. Well, here in Renerton the grass is weird. The grass is actually brown,
purple, and sometimes nuclear green, if you know what I mean. But that's the Renerton dream.
The magical glowing grass that we all have seen. I can bring it all back.
All right, voting for me, that's the nice choice. And I'm the number one boy. Bringing
the mile to keep another girl's moist. So vote for munch. That's so easy. Vote for munch because
you know that I please yee. Not yee, not Kanye. I mean you. That's what I mean. Bitch. All right,
that's all that I have to say. You know what? You guys don't react to anything. What do I have
to say? I mean, I get it. You're kind of wandering around, just gnawing on each other. But
you gotta at least pay a little bit of attention, right?
Mark? Sometimes I wonder why I even keep you on staff anymore. He just stares like that.
It's really depressing. You used to be a cool guy. All right, let's present it down to the
election and see who this next mayor is. Spoiler alert, it's obviously going to be me. Why wouldn't
it be? All right, see you all soon. Election night once again here in Renerton. With only two
choices on the battle. Uh, Alexa, stop. I still been Alexa, by the way. That's one of the perks of
being a newsman. Okay. New poll just dropped. Next mayor, you only have a minute to vote.
Crumb, munch. The classic, well not really the classic options.
Crumb's sort of a new age mayor, if you think about it actually. Let's keep that zombie music
going. As the votes pour in, munch refusing to resign, but surprisingly caving to holding an election.
Something I kind of thought maybe we were just done with because he just sort of showed up.
And there was really no one to stop him. Frankly, there's not much citizenry left.
Every kind of ragtag group of survivors that gets cobbled together under a new edifice of defense
seems to be immediately slain by the various belligerent loiterers that have infested all of
Renerton and surrounding areas. And who knows, maybe the world, we haven't really gotten any
outside communication. So we're just assuming things are fine. I mean, Biden shows up every
once in a while. I guess that must mean something. You can't vote it's rigged.
Wait, zero for munch? 69 votes for Crumb? Zero for munch in the first ever landslide. That would
have to be devastating if your name was Ralph Munch Gut, to just get so absolutely waxed
and completely obliterated in an election. Crumb in the greatest landslide this newsman has
ever seen. And I've seen every election here in Renerton. We send it back to the office now
where Crumb has once again resumed the privilege of mayoring this ruinous mud pit of radioactive
infested monsters. Good luck, Mr. Mayor. You know the drill, I'm just sending it up for Crumb real
quick. There we go. I need the sheet raised up actually because I don't slump like no chump.
Like someone named Ralph a munch cut. Who did I just beat by 100% of the vote? Oh, I only have about
five minutes to mayor, but I bet I can do a better job than he ever did. I will be maintaining his
policy of keeping the hardworking ladies of Renerton as busy as they'd like to be.
But I won't be referring to them as dying pieces or whatever offensive phrasing he'd given our
elite attack squad in this town. These are actually brave defenders of what's left of the
straggling remnants of humanity and not objects of his amorous affections. I don't fuck this up.
Yeah, I'm thinking I actually thinking I won't. How about I just don't actually
feeling good feeling strong feeling ready to rebuild back Renerton better than ever better
forever than ever. Papito did survive. I've seen him actually just walking around outside and no one
seems to be bothering him at all. For some reason the only creature that these roving hordes of what
I will call misguided citizens don't seem to be devouring on site. So maybe I should study
Papito's blood or something. I'm not sure, but he does seem to have a bit of an advantage on
most of us humans in that he's not getting attacked on site by the roving marauding bands of
monsters. Geez, there's no good place to build this thing. It's not giving me the
goods I require. I'm really taking my time just thinking about my decision making, you know,
EPM is overrated, I'd say when there's actual lives at stake. I'm more interested in
thoughts per minute, okay. Empathy per minute, EPM. Could it be the cheese? Is there something to
that? Could cheese be the reason for the state of affairs here in Renerton? You know what, you
don't even need to be over there. Go join our elite tax quad over here. Give us more hardworking gales
to defend this beautiful town that we're bringing back. All right, let's try to feed the people,
I guess. Shoot. I promise I'm getting more food for everyone soon. Let's build them farms.
Look, there's a perfectly good town here. Maybe we can resettle this area. Great work, ladies.
They're doing a fantastic job. Keep them coming. Let's see how many ladies we can get out here.
Not that women are required to perform military service. We just, all the volunteers for some
reason are women and I think that's beautiful. I think that's actually, honestly,
think about it. Isn't that beautiful? I cannot, there's just no room for more food for anyone.
Attention, building completed. I'd love to feed people, but there's just like no room for food.
Radiation decay is long gone. I guess I would just say tell that to all of these folks,
because they do look very gray. Most of their back muscles and bones are showing and their skin does
seem to be rotting off at an alarming rate. Citizens, return home or get arrowed. I swear,
we're informing all of them of this before we start riddling their bodies with arrows.
But you know, tough times, call for tough action. Tough act in crumb action.
Okay, more food finally. Oh, we can build farms. That's exciting. Got us a farm, folks. Okay.
Ladies, keep it moving. Doesn't radiation decay rapidly in a few days?
I'm not a scientist, but that does sound backwards. It sounds like that's about as wrong as you can be.
I look like I get athletes' foot on my head. Well, jokes on you. Oh, yeah, I do.
So if you're trying to act like that'd be something ridiculous, too bad, you're wrong. It's
normal and I do. All right, let's actually build a wall. Not that I'm in favor of this kind
of thing normally. But in the rare instance where, you know, the city's been overrun by flesh,
obsessed mutants, sometimes you do need to build a wall. Look, I'm gonna actually
defend this place for once. Life regeneration plus 50%, that's exciting. Seems like that's not
the kind of thing a human body should be able to do, but I will knock it if it's an option.
It's exciting. I'm excited to regenerate by up to 50% more. 50% more regeneration for me, Crumb.
My great work, ladies. Keep it coming. Keep this grand defense going. Roger that.
Best defense? A little offense. No offense. You did leave and I got elected in a landslide,
so I don't think you, I don't think it would have made a difference if you were here.
I'm kind of running this thing and I haven't heard a single complaint because most
of our citizens are now nonverbal. This wall defense growing and growing. There we go. Look at this.
Good luck getting in now. All right. Athletes' foot and jackets are the same thing.
Just wondering how I caught it on my head. First of all, I'm crumb,
but I could see munch also suffering from athletes, but it's more common than people think.
Okay. Operation Defend the City with Actual Walls is going fantastically.
All right. Look at this. We got an army of 11 beautiful ladies defending. Get the fuck out.
Oh, who's being attacked? Uh-oh. What's happening? Why is this guy so aggressive?
Go help your sister in arms. She's getting freaking, oh my god, she's gonna die. Oh, uh-oh.
What the heck? Dang it. Why is it so hard to keep this place not destroyed?
Good. You again. I bow and arrows are ready. What? I hope you're not wasting my time.
Yeah, just run them around in circles. Run them around in circles, miss.
Great work. You're doing awesome. This is training. Yes. We're training. Oh, stop it.
Stop hitting that building. Are you insane? Sir. That was close. That was a little bit close.
Okay. We do badly need a wall over here. You are gonna pay me for this, right?
Oh, shoot. I'm waking up a baby. Listen, politicians are really getting in trouble
with babies lately, so I understand if you need to go. What's happening now?
Oh, this wall is getting destroyed. Can you please defend the city better?
Oh my god. Why are there so many? What the heck?
What? Are there other units? We need our defense force to re-route.
Up here, apparently. Gotcha. Oh, shoot. This is bad. Okay. Let's do this.
Upgrade our homes into beautiful cottages. We need more wood. Oh, great. It's this town over here.
It's the remnants of Rennerton. Why don't they just stay in their houses?
Building completed.
The politicians are eating the babies? I am not. And I think that that story is most likely being
misconstrued. I don't think our former president is eating babies. Who's trying to get?
Son of a bitch. We're about to lose it all.
Not on. I'm gonna actually try to stop this. Get over there, ladies. Show them what you got.
Great. Okay, we did it. We stopped it. Great. We really, really need walls everywhere.
Only in this context, by the way. Normally, not solvent political policies, building walls everywhere.
This is it. What the frick? How did this happen? Why are there so many loiterers?
Attention. Building completed. Okay, we frickin' got them. I'm on top of things. I'm wily.
The APM is off the chain. My gaming, my gaming god senses are blasting off at all times.
We're walling this whole place out. I don't even care anymore. Walls for all.
Wall ball. Okay. We need ballistas. We need ballistas. We need more wood. We need everything.
And I actually do have to go. And you also have to go. Okay, look. This town is in better
shape than it's been in a minute. We've got some actual defenses set up. We got an army of 11,
12 beautiful ladies just absolutely running the joint and showing these loiterers. Watch up.
The I like to think of these as non-lethal arrows. They sometimes are lethal, but the
intention isn't to be lethal. The intention is to return them to their homes. Okay.
Great work, everyone. You finally put a winner back in office. Sorry, we had to do such a
brief mayoring stream today, but you know, we have to ration power actually because I've been told
there's been a total a collapse of the economy and industry in Rennerton. So it's a miracle that
our generators still even runs for two hours. Anyway, I'll be taking my private jet out of here.
It's just kidding. So, but I do have work. So I might have to, you know, find a route
out of this horrible wasteland. Anyway, let's see who's on for a quick raid
before we get out of here for the day. Looks like spin, we haven't raided Spina Cinawell.
So let's send you the way of Spinache. There you go. Okay. Have a beautiful, have a blessed
Thursday. Have a great weekend. If I don't see a happy Halloween, it's a little less fun year
in Rennerton this Halloween because everybody's dressed as a flesh eating monster. And they're
taking the role very seriously, apparently, because our citizens are, they're dying.
Almost all of our citizens died. Okay, have a great weekend. Say hi to Spinache for me.
And we'll talk to you all soon. Bye bye. Oh, boy. Hard to watch what's happened in this city.
Really brutal, gory stuff happening out there. Am I right, fellas? Oh, you're done.